# Board Meeting Agenda April 21st, 2025

## Attendees
Kay, Geo, Rechner, Mojake, Kataze (online)

## Discussions 


### Events
- OpenSauce Commitment
  - Any word back from our submission?
    - Email back.
      - Nothing besides an application confirmation sent to Kataze directly
      - Notify by May 16th either positive or negative. 
  - Do we need to outsource any advertisments, tableclothes, etc?
    - Could do more round generic stickers
    - "I could do more photos in quantities" - Rechner 
- Any events/classes to announce at member meeting?
  -  Working on GrapheneOS (Intro? Users Group?) date?
    - Next Friday, May the 2nd
    - Intro to securing personal devices. 
  -  Kicad again?
    - China relations make things difficult. 
    - Digikey has a board service. 
      - Digired seems not half bad. 
    - May 31st. Noon
  - Rechner bugged Kilte about sheet metal class
    - "I would want to do it, but it's my day job. so..."
    - Class may require some arm twisting/positive reinforment. 
  - Rechner bugged Bocuma about mill class
    - Slides are in the works. 

### Space Management
- Tool maintenance:
  - Gave up on Anycubic Kobra Max
  - Mill is "A-ok" - Bocuma
  - We got a new robot arm. 
    - Needs replacment fiber board made, otherwise A-ok. 
    - Would be cool if it lived in Rechner's basement
- Updates on parking violations
    - Are there any outstanding red tickets?

### Member voting
- Quick update on the Slush Fund proposal 
  - We have enough for quorom already. 
- Quick update on the Sawstop propsal 
  - We have enough for quorom, overwhelming yes. 
- Where are we at with the bylaw edit for making voting more effecient?
  - Per [current bylaws](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/blob/9635fc6425810639a212175c11e80f8f51fb8f50/BYLAWS.md#6-amendment), we announce the change at the member meeting tomorrow.  Members have 14 days to motion for rejection. 
    - We have to announce at a member meeting. 
      - Make an announcement to the memebers at the meeting, give them 14 days to respond/object. 
      - 14 days works for weekly meetings, but not great for monthly meetings due to remote responses. 
      - The process dictates announcment at meeting, then we ask for objections, and then it's done. 

### ICANN Believe
- Paying for ICANN Applicant Support Program application deposit
  - Trying to get a TLD. 
  - We should do this like, now. 
    - Deposite of $2,500 
    - Offers to split Kay, Geo, Rechner. 
    - We want .furry, .fur would have a lot of compitition with fur industry. But still not in stone. 
    - We could use an existing registar for support 
      - Perfectly poised to do this. A non-profit, tech-forward, non-convension. It's a hole made for us. 
    - Actionable time line? 
      - Relevent folks will send money to Pawprint, and Pawprint will send to ICANN. 
      - On track to get money to Pawprint by tomorrow, Tuesday April 22nd. 
        - Rechner and Kay both have checks. 
      - Zelle is set up for Pawprint. 

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday May 26th would be tradition, but that is Memorial Day. 
    - No to reschedule! We're on for the 26th. 