# Board Meeting Agenda December 22nd, 2025

## Attendees

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- Currently, board members handle the majority of events and space upkeep in addition to their board responsibilities.
- This is unsustainable. We are tired. We need help.
- The need for help has been discussed among the board, and with individuals, but broad messaging has not occurred.
- What could community members do to help?
  - Host classes/workshops.
  - Help with space cleanliness.
  - Update information on the wiki.
  - ?

#### Space switch report
- What do our space switch stats look like for the last month?
  - Weekly space open time average: ?
  - Weekly space occupied average: ?
- Working on a new space switch implementation.
  - Hardware is almost done.

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Now we wait.
  - We did not undergo an audit. Instead, we did our best to show ICANN that we are but poor little guys trying our best.
  - We already have an inquiry - ICANN wants us to:
    - **Confirm no conflicts of interest** per [ASP Terms & Conditions Section 2](https://newgtldprogram.icann.org/en/application-rounds/round2/asp/tandcs) (verify no one involved with the applicant is listed in [ICANN's Form 990 Schedule J, pages 51-54](https://www.icann.org/en/system/files/files/icann-irs-990-fy24-26mar25-en.pdf))
- We have a new wiki system that is hopefully more approachable for people who are not Very Computer.
- Warrant canary implementation?
- Equipment lockout updates?
- Membership roster rearrangement?
- Service access and ownership audit?
  - We need an inventory before we can audit it. What services do we have/use?

### Events
- FC is in a few weeks.
  - The built-group is meeting weekly.
  - We have been offered a table to represent PawPrint with the other charities.
  - We will be doing a panel, similar to years prior.

### California Drama
- 3500A filing?

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, January 26th.

## Sidebars


