# General Body Meeting Agenda for June 24th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board: Rechner, Kataze, Geo
Members: NIC, Bocuma, Danger, Tater, Burry


**Online:**
Board: Kay
Members: Falxie


**Guests:**
Ziggy, Dr Wolf


# Transparency Report
- Release of exterior video footage to our neighbors at Earth Electric
    - One of their trucks was vandalized sometime between the night of Friday June 6th and the morning of Tuesday June 9th
    - They reached out to us asking if we have any video footage of the incident
    - The Board unamiously agreed to give them any relevent footage we have

# General News
- ICANN Update!
  - Not much, we are at a point in the process we need an audit to proove we are poor (according to ICANN: < $5 million revenue)
  - We are looking for a CPA who can do an audit for us.  Let us know if you have anyone in mind.
- Maslow CNC has left the building.
  - Still exists, can maybe come back some day.
  - Is for sale (including nice 80/20 frame) - talk to Mojake. 
- Elegoo Saturn SLA printer borked for good. Replacement in process. 
  - Danger will be colocating theirs.
- Soap dispenser update.
  - The last bag of soap wasn't quite right, but it has been hacked into submission and is ready to serve. 
  - More paws necessary
  - Bathroom becomes more alarming every month
  - It's art we swear
  - Paper towels have eyes

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Opensauce is coming up!
    - Weekend of July 18th-20th
    - Still looking for projects from members to display 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening
  - Come get tool sign offs if you need
  - Learn to use the vinyl cutter
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 
  - Hosted by Tanuki
  - New folks, come learn

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent 
     - $~7k
    - Received
     - $~7k
    - Money in the bank
     - $22k

# Motions and Voting
- Followup on Bocuma's CNC controller purchase. 
  - Motion passes 23 to 1
- Followup on Sawstop
  - There's been some difficutly sourcing the saw, we're still committed and the purchase is in motion. 
  - Store doesn't actually have it, we will follow up next week about purchasing and having one set aside at lumber store.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 
- Kataze: We made a stamp!  It has our icon logo
  - It's purple
  - It's going to Open Sauce (hopefully)
  - Make a passport!
- Bucuma: We'll have a little CNC router soon!
  - Class forthcoming
  - Make PCBs, light engraving work, probably no heavy material removal
- NIC: We'll have a new switch
  - We'll be less extreme
  - Purple out, green in
  - PoE Plus
- Falxie wants a PCB preheater plate
  - $80 proposal
  - Seconded by Kataze
  - Please make a proposal
- T3chn3rd: the rollup door keeps being unlatched
  - There may be a technical solution
  - Will draft up a design

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, July 22nd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
