# General Body Meeting Agenda for November 25th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Geo, Mojake, Bocuma, Nohi, StarSkipper, Danger


**Online:**
Rechner, Kataze, Z, Georninja


**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We intend to file a 3500A moving forward but don't perceive a ton of urgency. Aiming for post-MFF.
  - Still seeking guidance for handling retroactive filing but actually have a lead now.
- We have a Moodle LMS instance! Log in with your Membership Portal credentials (no active membership required).
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
  - We're still working on classes. The 3D printing class is pretty solid though.
  - Help creating and reviewing content would be appreciated.
  - Includes the ability to import classes from the Moodleverse. We've imported some stuff already, like an into to Python.
  - Will soon have a new-member orientation, partly to satisfy our educational requirement and partly to make sure new people are prepared to participate in the space.
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We've received a very generous donation of 20 Raspberry Pi CM4 modules!
  - We have carrier boards, but the carrier boards only have Ethernet and a single Micro-USB port. No GPIO.
    - We can always get a different one if needed.
  - If you have any ideas on how to use these for classes, workshops, etc. please feel free to let us know.

 
# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday! 
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is December 3rd.
- FurCon build nights coincide with the open houses every Tuesday.
  - Come help us make a silly robo-cow-man Zoltaur machine!
- Hardware Hacking on Wednesdays at 6PM.
  - We may need help hosting tomorrow. If you're available, please let us know.

# Treasurer Update
- Postponed due to illness. Keep an eye on the chat - we'll post it there soon.

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- There is currently a moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space until we sort out the tax business.
- Please feel free to propose motions that do not require purchases in the meantime!
 
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
    - We need to have no more than 15% discrepancy between the space being occupied and the space being open.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- What's everyone been up to?
  - Bocuma: CNC router works!
    - Working on a class and sign-off process.
  - Danger: Looking for someone knowledgeable in solvents. Want to do fun stuff with silicone and solvents.
  - StarSkipper: Made a kegerator! Also looking to make a apple miller using a garbage disposal.
  - Doktor: Final call for FC panels. Please submit ASAP!
    - Sidebar: PawPrint will be doing a panel again. If you have anything you want to show off, come bring it!
  - Mojake is Linuxing! On Surfaces!

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, December 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 


