# General Body Meeting Agenda for April 22nd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kay (board), Geo (Board), Rechner (Board), Mojake (Board), Kataze (Board)
Magnet, Falxie, Kathiss, Puppy, Dingo, Nohi, Bocuma, Phase 

**Online:**
BW, Kopas

**Guests:**
'Nilla 

# General News
- Laser cutter update. 
  - The tube has been replaced! also new coolant and realignment.  
  - old tube is mounted like an endangered animal 
    - We should be inspired by Amenophis and do a sci-fi with it. 
  - E-stop is replaced
  - New key swith
  - Laser is back baby! 
- The Mill is A-Ok. 
    - Everyone should bug Bocuma for a class! 
- 3D print shelf has been restored
    - Anycubic Max project removed
    - Ender 3 V3 is back 
        - Prusa Mini will not be coming back
        - New Prusa MK3 (Soon to be MK4) in space. 

# Spreadsheets with Kathiss
- Kathiss has been working on a spreadsheet for us.
    - Inventory of consumables and things of the space. 
    - Different general buckets with contributions from those who know what's there. 
        - Looking for people who know about things, could be you! 
        - Slush fund managers are kind of a default. 
    - Will publish spreadsheet to member portal 
        - We will be on/off boarding manually for edit-ability. 

# Tanuki has something to say
- A call to action from Tanuki.
    - They are not here to say

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Every Tuesday
    - Overall open house, great time to learn tools!
        - All the tools! Please come by. 
    - Opensauce build group 
        - Great strides in ARM, plenty of work for arm-legth surroundings. 
            - We have submitted! Will hear back about the submission eventually.
                - Check out the art above the whiteboard. 
        - Member projects for display wanted! 
            - Could get a badge into the event! (Some setup help may be required)


# Treasurer Update
- Spending more than usual. 
    - Consumables for classes
    - Fixing the laser
    - Soap
- Feb $200 made
- March $388 made
- Total in hand as of this meeting, $18,581.07. 

# Motions and Voting
- Bylaws modification: [diff](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/12/commits/9635fc6425810639a212175c11e80f8f51fb8f50)
  - Members have 14 days to motion for rejection per [bylaws](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/blob/9635fc6425810639a212175c11e80f8f51fb8f50/BYLAWS.md#6-amendment)
    - Old byways were copied wholesale from a weekly meeting organization. 
    - Streamlines ways motions are submitted, mostly via electronic communications.
        - 14 days for memebers to object as of 1922, Tuesday April 22nd.
- Creation of Slush Fund. 
    - Yay, 22
    - No, 0
    - abstain, 1
        - Quorum reached, motion passed! 
- Purschase of a SawStop to increase member safety. 
    - yay, 19
    - no, 3
    - abstain, 3
        - Quorum reached, motion passed! 
        - Woodcraft in San Marcos. 
        - We will purchase this item. 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
    - We have a spreadsheet now to help! Find it on members portal.
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 
- Rechner - Nice little numbers widget on the website, might be the money number! 

- Kay - Weird obsession with Harrison Ford. (Like the actor)
    - "Not crazy, I swear." - Kay
        - "Has been talking about this for weeks" - Magnet
    - Found a box of published Harrison Ford fan fiction/magazine at the EFM. 
    - Scanned ~1,600 pages for archive.org
    - Found the previous owner, paid our respects with Harrison Ford trading card.

- Kataze did a FOIA party!
    - Geo got his FBI documents, it was nothing
    - Kataze tried with the TSA, they wanted a more specific range. 
    - Magnet hasn't heard back yet from FBI
    - Kay hasn't heard back from FBI
        - Has heard back from union city/SJPD about AI human tracking cameras. 
        - UCSC about wildlife complains, they are looking. 
        - Has not heard back from Union City police department cybertruck ownership.

- Rechner two weekends from now for a grapheneOS phone class. 
    - Learn to protect your phone data! 
    - Protect yourself from the cops celebrating your device. 
        - Need a pixel to run GraphineOS 
        - Can "de-google" other devices
    - Friday the 2nd, or Saturday the 3rd. 

- Kay, Kicad class 
    - Orginally for May 31st, but that's changed
    - June 7th! at noon. 

- Rechner, ICANN (the DNS register folk) are open for new top-level domains. 
    - Now very affordable at just $2,500 down! Thanks ASP (applican support program)
        - ASP built for smaller organizations, like us. 
            - It's their first time trying this. 
        - Paid for by Geo, Kay, Rechner. Not Pawprint. 
    - Very upset they can't have .fox
    - We're going for .furry! 
    - Why? 
        - Big potential for passive income.
        - Be a part of internet history.
        - REALLY COOL! 
    - We should get Nick in on this. 
    - Can do fundraisers/pre-sales of domains to cover costs when/if we get there. 

- Bocuma fixed the red band saw, no longer leaking on the floor! (Thanks Bocuma)

- Geo, Kay and Burry had a bunch of college students over doing protogen things. They had a good time. 

- Falxie designed and made their first board, it's working! 
    - Doing linux things with creepy robot baby. 

- Mojake will be leaving for mid June to early July for travel. 
    - Magnet may be willing to be "on call" for 3D print repairs. 

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, May 27th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
