# General Body Meeting Agenda for December 23rd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Rechner, Falxie, Geo, Scout, Autunite


**Online:**
T3ch N3rd, Nohi, Kataze, Z

**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We intend to file a 3500A moving forward but don't perceive a ton of urgency.
  - We are seeking legal guidance from a lawyer and have dedicated budgeting for 2 hours of initial review.
- We have a Moodle LMS instance! Log in with your Membership Portal credentials (no active membership required).
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
  - We're still working on classes. The 3D printing class is pretty solid though.
  - Help creating and reviewing content would be appreciated.
- We have a new Wiki: https://wikijs.pawprintprototyping.org
  - Should be easier to edit than on Github
  - Login with MemberMatters SSO
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - Now we wait roughly 14 weeks.
- Exploring more membership levels
 
# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday! 
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is January 22nd.
- FurCon build nights coincide with the open houses every Tuesday.
  - Come help us make a silly robo-cow-man Zoltaur machine!
  - We have been offered a table to represent PawPrint in the charity area.
    - Who wants to help run the table?
  - We are also doing a panel!
    - Who wants to show off their cool stuff at the panel?

# Treasurer Update
- Last month
    - Spent last month: $2,926
    - Received last month: $4,464
        - +$1,538
    - Money in the bank: $24,131.60 (Nov 25, 2025)
- In this last month we have
    - Spent this month: $2,973
    - Received this month: $1,600 
        - -$1,373
    - Money in the bank: $25,408.79

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- There is currently a moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space until we sort out the tax business.
- Please feel free to propose motions that do not require purchases in the meantime!
 
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- What's everyone been up to?

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, January 27th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 


