# General Body Meeting Minutes for September 23rd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Rechner, Kay, Falxie, Geo, Nic, Bocuma, Tanuki, BillyBlazeit, Nohi, Scout, Burry

**Online:**
T3ch n3rd, Georninja

**Guests:**
Magnet, Aspen

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - Received an official 23701d denial, but it's surprisingly less scary than the earlier drafts.
  - We will be seeking some more legal advice before re-filing 3500A.
  - Achieving 23701d status will likely require some changes.
- Bylaw Updates:
  - We have implemented some changes to the bylaws via a board majority vote.
  - An announcement with more information will be sent out shortly after this meeting.
  - A brief summary:
    - Clarified our purpose statement with a more detailed description of our activities in the context of public benefit.
    - Changed language to better empower public access.
    - Codified member obligations for opening the space, participating in education, and providing mentorship.
    - Changed rule 10 from our "Rules of the Hackerspace" to reflect our values of open access while maintaining safety for all users at the space.
  - Members have 14 days from today's member meeting to motion for a rejection of amendment before ratification. Motions for rejection should be sent to `secretary@pawprintprototyping.org`
- Moderately Multiplayer Moodle Machinations.
  - Learning Management System.
  - Like blackboard but open source. Still a terrible pile of PHP, but a free pile of PHP.
  - Still setting it up, but looking for people interested in teaching to help figure out the system.
  - Planning on making some mandatory induction classes for new members. Basic safety, rules, etc.
  - Payment integration for suggested fees.
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
- We'd like to implement badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If anyone has interest in helping us manage access controls (we know some of you nerds *really* like badges), please let us know!
- Conduit day!
  - We need to run conduit to the 3D printer area. All of the 3D printers run off of the bathroom GFCI at the moment.
  - We're planning on making a very educational day out of it. Again, if you want to participate, please let us know!

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday! 
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 
  - Also a good time for 3D printer sign-offs.
- Infrastructure Interest Group!
  - Thursdays every other week.
  - Homelabing, infrastructure management, self-hosting, Linux, etc.

# Board Member Elections
- Following last month's elections, some positions were shifted around.
  - Mojake opted to step down from their role on the board of directors. We thank them for their diligent service on the board.
  - Kay has changed roles to Member at Large.
  - Falxie has been appointed as the CFO.

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
  - Spent this month: $3,256
  - Received this month: $4,321
    - +$1,065
  - Money in the bank: $22,460.14

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- There is currently a moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space until we sort out the tax business.
- Please feel free to propose motions that do not require purchases in the meantime!
 
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
-Donations!
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
  - We have a blog! If you have any projects, please feel free to write a blog post about it.

# Pupporri 
- What's everyone been up to?
- Kay finished a thing! Open source universal remote. It's blue and nice.
  - They have a few extra boards for sale. $90 parts cost.
  - Spouse approved.
  - It was sanded.
- Rechner has to SSH in to something to make their turntable work sometimes.
- Nic investigated the AC.
  - The filter had been sucked in.
- Potential of us running a hardware refurbishment program. We take in usable hardware bound for ewaste, refurbish it, and provide it to other nonprofits.
- Magnet's "times of spending time needlessly cracking a password" tally went up again.
- BB successfully used the reflow oven!
  - Lead good
- Burry is making pants.
  - *applause*
- BB: Does anyone want a class on how compilers work?
  - Yes
- Falxie finished making pant
  - c:

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, October 28th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 




