# General Body Meeting Agenda for March 25th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Geo, Rechner, Kay, Mojake, Tanuki, Quopos, Nohi, Falxie, Kathias 

**Online:**
Kataze 

**Guests:**
Meander, Doktor Wulf, Skyite 

# General News
- Laser cutter update! 
  - The board voted for $150 to be spent on coolant for the laser.
  - We're looking to replace the tube sooner then later.
    - An group happening this Monday the 31st! afternoon (4:00 is earlist anyone has said)
- Pawprint is turning Four-ish! 
  - Founding date is April 1st 2022 (well, really 2020)
    - This is coming up this Tuesday, wink wink. 
    - We're planning on doing a big cake party here, Friday the 5th. 
        - Robot may cut the cake! 


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday Open House still exists
    - Coexists alongside OpenSauce tuesday build group.
    - Perfect time to get tool sign-offs: laser cutter, 3d printing
- Freedom of Information Act Party, with Kataze!
  - Late April the 18th (Friday)
- Upcoming: KiCAD, GrapheneOS
    - Coming eventually!
    - Beware the Gargler! 
- "Pawprint goes to OpenSauce" CFP (Call for Participation)
  - A chance to show off your projects to your favourite maker Youtubers (and thousands of other people) at the pawprint exhibitor table
  - We're also working on a big robot thing every Tuesday evening
  - Designing PCB/electronics kits/swag to sell to support the space

# Treasurer Update
- Purchased Metal break, spot welder, and arbor press
    - ~$800 spent on member-voted expenses
- Made around $200 in Feb. 
- Laser coolent cost $150 
- $16,000 in paw. 

# Motions and Voting
- [Proposal to ammend Motions and Voting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qGkVSPXA9-Ln75bmhoFJyN8q-Jd8g2vGbpcF2sBfovs/edit?tab=t.0)
    - Proposed by Kay
    - Seconded by Kathis 
    - Slush fund = Petty cash, but it's more fun to say slush fund 

- [Proposal for the creation of a consumables Slush Fund](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SiIWxpEB7vGHUQvHnhcXa1HVLoIksbwWfl4KTl4tCzg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.chlsch58zpl7)
    - Proposed by Kay
    - Seconded by Rechner
        - Added cleaning consumables during meeting

- [Proposal to purchase a SawStop CTS to improve safety in the woodworking area](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cn1u9b5DkfXQPh_DXeVyufXsxD1M3NwpyE3ma9rEd_4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7310ei3vhv15)
    - Proposed Quopas 
    - Seconded by Kataze
    - $1,500 to budget for an ~$1,340 purchase. 
        - Can be found in Woodcraft San Carlos for accurate measurements 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 
-Kathis
    - Proposing consumable spreadsheet for all 
        - big spreadsheet platform would be a chore. 
             - "I will own it" - Kathis
        - Whiteboards with all consumables for ease-of-use and tech? 
        - On Consent calendar 
    - Santa Clara is a gender affirming county 
        - Under the county, all genders are valid. 

- Falxie 
    - Got linux working on things, gadgets, and gizmos even. (also doodads)

- Rechner
    - Wanna start a Linux User Group? (LUG)
        - It could be here, it could be at a place. 
        - Minorly graphineOS founded. 
        - Busy right now, now commitment on dates
            - Monday probably, once a month, 2nd Monday of the month (Except April, which will be the first one possibly)

- Mojake
    - New big printer is in process. 
        - Creality will be back, Prusa Mini 

- Doktor Wulf
    - Design 2 part manufacturer expo right now.
    - Free to attend, go see nerds hawk their wares to corporations. 

- Qqupas 
    - Beer brewing at PP! Sunday the 30th. 
    - Kay wants to make cherry mead 
    - Build a PP kegorator! 

- Kay
    - Doing cool things with Playstation 1
    - Gonna be the very best at putting Libre on PS1's! 



# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, April 22nd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 






# Sidebars 
- Land committee for finding alternative PP spaces on expansion! 
    - Shoutout in the chat at Rechner, Tanuki, in general. 
    - A telegram group will form 

- Looking for grant writers, that'd be swell! 
    - The County occasionally has grant writting workshops - Kathis 

- Class for how to git, for non-software people. 

- Rechner can make google account with pawprint on demand 

- We should probably earthquake-proof things. 