# General Body Meeting Agenda for October 28th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Falxie, Rechner, Geo, Nohi, Magnet, Bocuma, Ziggy, StarSkipper


**Online:**
Mojake


**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We intend to file a 3500A moving forward.
  - Still seeking guidance for handling retroactive filing.
  - We still have federal 501c3 status.
- We have a Moodle LMS instance! Log in with your Membership Portal credentials (no active membership required).
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
  - We're still working on classes. The 3D printing class is pretty solid though.
  - Help creating and reviewing content would be appreciated.
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- Conduit day!
  - It's been scheduled! ~~Sunday November 9th.~~ Never mind! That's PAW Con!
  - It has been re-scheduled for THIS Sunday, November 2nd!
  - We're planning on making a very educational day out of it. If you want to participate, please let us know!
- FC! Further Confusion!
  - We want to help with Theming again!
  - Nohi has bravely not said no when asked to help manage FC build groups.
  - Tuesdays?
  - Theme is "Beach Episode"
  - We submitted to be considered as part of FC's charity thing.
 
## Surveillance transparency report
- In accordance with our [surveillance policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTceQUwzS8q8rPCiNyHZ3v7QXitoVEZtUuIG-Bdsdksn9hp_fbe1X841yfvdRjsMmeBcniGWUsAJZWN/pub), surveillance recordings for October 21st 00:00 - 10:00 were reviewed by the board to investigate reports of a member sleeping in the space.
  - Members and guests sleeping in the space overnight is unexcellent behavior. If you are found sleeping, you may be asked to leave.
  - Repeated offences may result in revocation of your membership at the discretion of the board.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday! 
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- FC build nights will also be Tuesdays soon.
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is November 6th.

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have:
  - Spent this month: $2,687
  - Received this month: $2,990
    - +$303
  - Money in the bank: $23,980.02

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- There is currently a moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space until we sort out the tax business.
- Please feel free to propose motions that do not require purchases in the meantime!
 
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- What's everyone been up to?
- Wheeee, layoffs!
- Nohi wants to touch nodes. Meshtastic nodes.
- The CNC router is still in progress. Rechner has convinced the raccoon to use GRBL.
- There have been some requests for misc upgrades in the 3D printing area. We think we can use the misc funds. Mojake and Falxie will discuss.
- Ziggy did a panel at BLFC on scripting Blender for VRChat stuff. Ziggy recorded it and may be able to share that knowledge.
- Falxie made what appears to be the first not-bad fan mod for a fat PS2.
- Mojake is getting rid of stuff. Anyone want a pinball machine?
- Mojake is also interested in doing a class on Android video game emulation (early December, probably).
- StarSkipper is making a large portable "beverage dispenser". It fits through doors.


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, November 25th. 7:00pm
  - FYI, this is Thanksgiving week.

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 


