# General Body Meeting Agenda for July 22nd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Mojake, Geo, Rechner, Kay, Kataze, Nicwah, Dan, Burry, Kathiss, Falxie, Nohi, puppy, 

**Online:**
Sheila 

**Guests:**
Scout, DokWolf, Ziggy, Mela, Lane, 

# Board elections
- The elections are coming up. 
    - Elections will take place during our August 26th meeting. 
    - Any member with six (6) months of prior consecutive membership is eligible for nomination.
    - Current nominations
      - President
        - Kataze
      - Treasurer
        - Kay
      - Secretary
        - Geo 
      - CTO
        - Rechner
      - Member at large
        - Mojake
- Please vote! It means a lot and you matter to us. 

# Opensauce! 
- Opensauce 2025 is OVER! 
    - How'd it go? 
        - "I think it went pretty dang well" - Kataze 
        - Our spot was better!
        - One major A.R.M. issue. 
        - More signatures on our board! 
            - Hank Green
            - An astronaut! (Mission commander even!)
    - Thank you to everyone who helped move, setup/teardown, station, and contributed to our booth.
    - Please share any media in the chat. 

# General News
- California non-profit update
    - We are actively working with a non-profit lawyer to write up a response letter to the state of california defending our status. We are expected to respond in time. 
        - Letter is signed with Touria as of 07/21. 
        - Letter is planned to be out the door 07/23
- We have a new table saw installed. 
  - Sawstop safety table saw. 
    - Triggers a blade destroying explosion on conductive touch. (Aka meaty bit)
      - Members who trigger this feature will be on the hook for replacement blades/charges
        - $150~$200 replacement parts.
    - DO NOT USE LASERCUT WOOD OR MOIST WOOD! (Contains carbon, will trigger the safety mech)
        - Also wood with metal. 
    - We still need to get moisture meter and metal detector, but the saw is operational. 
    - Thanks Quopas! 


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- GraphneOS Shindig
  - Monday, July 28th. 1900.
    - Come learn to secure your pixel phone from [redacted]
        - Hardened security OS for pixel line of phones. 
- Embroidery class with Mojake! 
  - Saturday, August 30th, 1200. 
    - Ideally in person, will be broadcasted over meeting. 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
    - Every Tuesday! 
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent this month: $14,342.98
    - Received this month: $13.541.73
    - Money in the bank: $21,392.80

-Paw.bs/sao for buying your paw shaped memory game! 

# Motions and Voting
- No pre-wanted motions. 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 

- We promise to double back to Falxie's motion from last meeting. 

- We had to re-flash every single kit/badge for opensauce, it sucked but worked well" - Kay
    - KAY SAVED OPENSAUCE! 

- Silicon valley pride will be August 30th for Santa Clara County. - Kathiss
    - Members are allowed to vend/run a booth. 
    - PP would be great to have at pride! 
    - $700 for the space, plus more for power, tents, table, etc... 

- Inventory sheets are a little behind due to life. - Kathiss. 
    - Again, members are welcome to help and contribute. Please do. 

- Talk to Mojake about becoming cyberpunk skate trains. They are very excited. 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, August 26th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
