# General Body Meeting Agenda for August 26th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Geo, Mojake, Rechner, Kay, Nohi, Nic wah, Bocuma, Falxie, Earthshine, Bandit, Scout, Georninja, Oscar, Mysterymap, Rockhopper, Pawbs, Technerd, Kilte, Burry, Nooks

**Online:**
Kopas

**Guests:**
Lain, Russle, Jen, Anothony, Doktor Wolf, Izzy, Nano

# General News
- California FTB Update  
  -  With the help of our lawyer and board members we formulated a response to the FTB's denial of our 23701d status
  -  They do not believe our organization to be of sufficient public benefit to attain 23701d status
  -  You can read about why [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11WhPmAlJ5Cdjy9dlELUmioaTvQ0XtSCq?usp=sharing)
    - (For brevity and clarity, the above link only includes our final exchange with the FTB, but should contain all the relevant points built up over the dialogue)
  - We continue to believe in education, hands on learning, and community values
    - To this end, we have proposed added language to our bylaws further clarifying our mission and expectations of members. You can see those changes [here](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/17)
    - Nothing has materially changed in our operations, but we are striving to be more clear on paper for those who are unfamiliar with what we do.
  - This information is fresh, and we are still working with our lawyer and advisors to determine next steps.
  - This issue only affects how the state of California taxes us. It is my (Kataze's) firm belief that Pawprint will continue to bring resources and education to our local community for many years to come.
  - If you have any further questions please feel free to ask me, Kataze, in person, or email president@pawprintprototyping.org.


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Embroidery class with Mojake! August 30th, noon. 
  - is cancelled-ish.  
    - Mojake will still be around at this time to instruct on software and hardware use, but it will not be a formal class. 
        - May have a cameo appearance by InkStitch! 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
    - Every Tuesday! 
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent this month: $4256
    - Received this month: $5328
        - +$1072
    - Money in the bank: $21,460.04
        - Halt on purchases until FTB back taxes are figured out. 

# Board elections
- Last chance for nominations.
- Online results
    - 15 votes casted online, quorum is 20
        - 12 votes in person 
- In person voting
    - President
        - Kataze
    - Treasurer
        - Kay
    - Secretary
        - Geo 
    - CTO
        - Rechner
    - Member at large
        - Mojake
- POSSIBLE TWIST ENDING
    - Mojake is resigning from Member at Large
    - Kay is wanting to be Member at Large, leaving Treasurer open. 
        - Falxie is interested in being said Treasurer. 

# Motions and Voting
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Voting will proceed on these motions, but funds will not be allocated by the CFO until the ramifications of the FTB decision are clear 
- Purchase of a Chips Preheating Plate T-8280 presented last meeting. 
    Online votes
        - yes, 15
        - no, 0
        - abstain, 1
    - In person votes
        - Yes, 6
        - no, 0
        - abstain, 0 
  
- Motion to allocate $400 to the purchase of a new bandsaw, proposed by Bocuma
    - $300 for bandsaw
        - Red bandsaw (The leaky one) just isn't happening, it's made of habor freight-ium 
        - Dewalt Portable Band Saw. 
            - We may have one willing to colocate - Pawb
    - $30 for 3 replacement blades
    - $70 goes to Bocuma for supplies to make a wall mount, vise mount and table
    -     Any remaining money left over from that goes back to Pawprint
        - Motion struck through for potential of Colocation of same tool from Pawbs. 
      
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
-Donations!
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- Today is international dog day (bark bark)

- If you would like to host a class for the public, submit to the member matters! 

- CNC router progress
    - Going rather well, electronics are wired up and everything moves. 
    - Enclosure has been fabricated. 
    - New bench coming soon for the enclosure and mill! 
    - Also vice fabricated. 

- Flight Feeder 
    - Box? No Box? Everyone has an opinion and Mojake can't reach the thing to make the thing. Also someone else please make something. 

- Cyberdelia! Sept. 5th at DNA. 

- The garage door latch is in progress, we promise. Please keep latching it. 

- In regards to the internet being bad. - Scout 
    - a contractor was on our roof and preparing a purposal to get fixed wireless to the space, or also municpile fibre. (They might even become a member)
    - A propsal is forthcoming for better internet. 
    
- This Thursday at 1830 (aug. 28th) is the 2nd installment (Tee hee) of the Infra group. - Rechner
    - Learn how to host on proxbox. 
    - Minutes available on Eitherpad.

- You can get benifit from petty corporate pettiness against Guitar center,[ link in the chat! ](https://bsky.app/profile/hyenablood.yeen.world/post/3lxctyt37xc23)

- Compressor is annoying, please submit your good ideas to make life easier. 
    - Find Bocuma and Geo

- Thank you for cleaning the bathroom Rechner. 
    - Anyone could do it! 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, September 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 




