# General Body Meeting Agenda for February 25th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board: Kataze, Rechner, Kay, Geo, Mojake
Members: Nohi, Boccuma, Danger, Mela, Kilte, Burry, Dingo

**Online:**
Falxie

**Guests:**
Kathis, DokWolf

# General News
- The 3D print shelf has been reorganized
    - With this we are starting to require training/certification for ALL 3D printers.
        - Certification limits will go into effect 10:00pm Tuesday March 4th
    - Please take advantage of Tuesday open houses for easy training. 
    - Message Mojake with any questions or test out. 
- We are buying a replacement tube for the laser cutter! 
    - Ours is working, but really sad and scary
        - Still usable, but could be better.

# Treasurer Update
- made ~$1,500 this month
    - 36 members strong! 
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Please submit proposals for Tool Requests and/or other reivestment ideas to the Board


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday Open House still ongoing.
    - Great time to come in and learn tools!
    - Starting to cross-polinate with Open Sauce build. Come be involved! 
- SMD Soldering class with Rechner! 
    - Sunday March 16th, 2pm
    - Rechner will have sign-up sheet
        - Entry fee will be required.
- Electronic Flea Market. Every 2nd Sunday starting in March. West Valley College 
    - Funnel quasi-functional member e-waste to sell, proceeds go back into Pawprint. 
        - Donated items are not for trade/rescue. Donations are a one-way street. 
    - Looking for members to help exhibit! Early birds please speak up.
        - Mojake willing to setup, but really wants copilots to not be flying solo. 



# Motions and Voting
- Follow up on last month's votes
    - 2-ton arbor press by Boccuma 
        - 20 Yes
        - 0 No 
    - Metal break and welder by Kilte
        - 19 yes
        - 1 no 

- Proposal to allocate $500 to Open Sauce development, with any remainder to be returned at the end of the event -Kay
    - Seconded by Kataze
    - Vote will go to online proxy, look for emails and telegram announcments. 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
    - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
    - Please report all broken tools.
    - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 

# Pupporri 
- Boccuma: *Gestures to the mill* 
    - Replacement parts should probably be around, fixing will be done soon. 
    - Now it won't be so stinking loud! 
    - Mill class is still coming along. 
- Boccuma: Mill vice has been calibrated
    - It's flat now. 

- Geo: Interest in Neotropolis
    - What's neotropolis? Large cyberpunk larp put on by the same folks who make Wasteland 
    - Where? California city
    - When? April 23rd - 27th

- Kataze: I'm starting to think about Def-con. 

- Danger: Playing with laserable rubber for stamps. 
    - Lemon flavored! 
    - Would love some help dialing in settings. 
        - "Extremely hard, extremely fast" - guidlines from manufacturer. 
    - Find me after the meeting to help! 

- Kay: "I did another spray in the office" 
    - Encourage folks to make art! Take a sharpie, make the space yours

- Kathis: "I'm wanting to do some woodworking" 
    - Inbuilt shelves
    - Inbuild bed frame 
- Kathis: "My office is putting on a LGBT know your rights panel"
    - Santa Clara County admin building off of 70 West Heading 
        - Tuesday March 4th 11:30 to 1 pm, in person or online. 

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, March 25th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
