# General Body Meeting Agenda for May 27th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Rechner, Kay, Geo, Nohi, Bocuma, Kathiss, Nic, Mojake, Falxie, Tanuki 

**Online:**
Taylor, Yamada, Qiancheng

**Guests:**
Dokfox, Sheela 

# General News
- Laser cutter now set to manual focus due to auto-calibration failure. 
  - Poster located on wall by machine outlining how to focus
  - Please ask around if not confident, someone probably knows. 
    - Reminder: Things break even when properly opperated, please report all machine failures to the board 
      so that we may properly investigate. 

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Opensauce is coming up, and we're offically in! 
    - Weekend of July 18th-20th
    - Still looking for projects from members to display
    - Build team is in crunch mode, come get crunched every Tuesday! 
- KiCad class with Kay! 
    - Saturday June 7th, 11am 
    - Bring your own KiCad operating computer system 
        - Pawprint will cover costs of Tariffs 
- Hardware hacking with friends with Tanuki 
    - Every Wednesday at 6pm. 
    - Primarily a social event where people hack on personal or group projects, share things they're  
      working on, come to learn, or just hang out!

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent $3,420 
        - First snack buy has been bought! From Costco
    - In $6,987
        - but $2,000 is earmarked for ICANN
    - $20,527.29 in paw as of right now. 
        - Rent and expenses are ~$3,300 

# Motions and Voting
- $500 for CNC router controller and toolchest (proposed by Bocuma)
  - Controller: $165
    - SKU/URL will be added to vote page
  - Tool chest: $217
    - A stand for the CNC and storage! 
    - SKU/URL Will be added to vote page 
  - Mini PC: $40
    - Already purchased. 
  - Remainder will cover shipping and tax. Any money left over after that will go toward consumables.
  - Seconded by Kay
  - Votes will go out electronically forthaste 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 

- Microcenter Santa Clara opens tomorrow! (ish) - Mojake 

- Sigma 3D printer is going away by the time I leave today, speak up now if you want to take - Mojake
    - Not quite working (needs belt tightened)
    - Uses 3mm filament

- Tariffs are a mess, you may or may not pay them. Go with dog - Mojake

- Maslow wants to go away, speak up if you want it to be here - Mojake.

- I'm working on a not-simon paw badge SAO add-on at Open Sauce - Kay 

- Falxie continues to be good at doing stuff and things. - Falxie 
    - If you know how to reverse engineer kernal modules, let Falxie know! 
        - On telegram! It's a cool place to be if you like sharing .png's in chat. 

- Kathiss will now (Did) show off her acrylic charger assembled. 

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, June 24th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
