# General Body Meeting Agenda for March 24th, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Kay, Geo, StarSkipper, Nic, Nohi, W, Danger, Oscar

**Online:**
Falxie

**Guests:**

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - We have received a confirmation that the form has been received. Processing the request will likely take months.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.

# Tech Updates
- Moodle (our e-learning platform) will be shutting down their centralized class repo in a week or two. If there are any classes there that you are interested in, please let us know so we can get a copy.
  - Moodle in general, and our instance, will still exist. They're just shutting down the class repo.
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We are waiting to hear back from the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - We're not expecting much for a few months.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday.
    - May be more of a hangout this time, as Rechner is out.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!

# Treasurer Update
- Last month:
  - Spent: $3,203.74
  - Received: $4,650.00
    - +1,446.26
  - Money in the bank: $27,759.58

# Motions and Voting
- Nohi: [Storage unit proposal](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h3Cn00lNPziD1sDuY7jBRJ36JlxI_A5r/view?usp=drive_link)
  - Allocate a maximum of $80 per month for a 4' x 8' storage unit. The storage unit would be exclusive to items and materials relating to group projects.
  - Kataze seconds.
- Nohi: [OpenSauce Funds](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DEUtesXYDFnXMXBmkCXE34ZihfUrSvUi/view?usp=drive_link)
  - Allocate $600 for the purpose of supporting this year's OpenSauce build.
  - Kataze seconds.
- The board voted yesterday to adjust when the board elections occur.
  - Board elections will now be occurring in June.
  - This is to help make the transitions for positions like the CFO less terrible due to timing problems.

# Sidebar
- We've scheduled a clean-up day!
  - Saturday May 2nd, 12PM to 8PM.
  - It'll be fun! There will be food!

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri
- Danger is cleaning out their garage and has a bunch of really cool shit they need to get rid of. Will be working with the board to see if Pawprint benefit from stuff, but also open to anyone in need of stuff, tools, materials, etc.
  - Trying to get this done by mid April.
- Kay made a neat Woopergun (not a gun - "supergun") - Arcade breakout board.
- W has a neat big vacuum tube.
- Falxie has replaced their alternator twice in the last few days. :/
- StarSkipper has finished the liquid cooling loop for their kegerator project.
- Nohi is working on a WiFi Halow node thing. More meshing! Device tree is hard.
- Oscar has around 9 laptops available for a good purpose. If anyone is in need, hit them up.

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, April 28th. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.

