# General Body Meeting Agenda for May 26th, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Rechner, Falxie, Geo, Nic, W, Danger, Kathiss, Kaze, Nohi

**Online:**
Mojake

**Guests:**
Yuril, Eldar, Taylor, Never

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.
- The space next-door may be opening up in the new future. We are looking in to viability and have reached out to confirm. No updates yet.

# Tech Updates
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- The badge reader has been updated to be less grumpy.
- We have a Matrix instance now!
  - pawprint.chat
  - Bridged to the Telegram chat.
  - SSO via MemberMatters. You don't need to be a dues paying member to have an account.

## ICANN Announcement
- ICANN conditionally approved our ASP application!
  - Next steps: crowdfund remaining ~$65k
  - Confirmed and submitted $2500 deposit
  - gTLD Next Round application deadline is **August 12, 2026**.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, covering basic networking.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!
- Cleanup day was a huge success. Thank you to all that helped.

# Treasurer Update
- Last month:
  - Spent: $3,374
  - Received: $5,167
    - +$1,793
  - Money in the bank: $30,379.45

# Motions and Voting
Board elections will take place at the June meeting, please keep an eye on your email for electronic balloting

Under our bylaws
`Any individual who has been a Member of the organization for a minimum of six (6) months is eligible to be nominated for the Board of Directors.`
The board has, in previous elections, voted to suspend the 6 months requirement in order to expand the pool of interested nominees. If you are interested in helping make the hackerspace go but not a 6 month member yet, please talk to us!


All retiring Board Members are eligible for re-election. The positions up for election are as follows:

## President
1. The President is the executive officer of the organization and in this capacity shall:
    1. Ensure that the Rules are followed by all Members;
    2. Serve as the chairman of the Board of Directors;
    3. Be the primary spokesperson for the Hackerspace;
    4. Convene meetings, establishing whether or not a Quorum is present;
    5. Preside over the Meetings, deciding who may speak and when;
    6. Initiate and recognize votes;
### Nominees
* Kataze (incumbent)

## Treasurer
1. The Treasurer is the financial officer of the organization and in this capacity shall:
    1. Ensure the financial obligations of the Hackerspace are met;
    2. Ensure all Members pay dues in a timely manner, and that all other financial Member obligations to the organization are met;
    3. Ensure all financial records are kept as needed, supplying them to the Secretary for archival and presentation as required;
    4. Prepare financial statements and a financial report for the Monthly Meeting;
    5. Provide financial information to the Board of Directors as the Board requires;
    6. Correct financial policies and procedures in place;
    7. Perform functions delegated to them by the President.
### Nominees
* Falxie (incumbent)

## Secretary
1. The Secretary is the officer responsible for the records and correspondence of the organization and in this capacity shall: 
    1. Record and publish Meeting minutes;
    2. Keep and maintain the Register of Members;
    3. Publish the agenda for upcoming Meetings;
    4. Manage records for the organization, and present them as required;
    5. Perform functions delegated to them by the President.
### Nominees
* Geo (incumbent)

## Chief Technology Officer
1. The Chief Technology Officer is the officer responsible for the IT infrastructure and technological systems of the Hackerspace and in this capacity shall:
    1. Ensure the working order of technical systems and processes vital to the operations of the Hackerspace;
    2. Maintain and update the Membership Mailing List;
    3. Perform functions delegated to them by the President.
### Nominees
* Rechner (incumbent)

## Member at Large
The Member At Large is a supplemental position previously added to our roster as specified by our bylaws "to fulfill Business needs of the Hackerspace or to fairly represent Member interests." As such it does not have a formal definition but the general responsibilities are as follows:

1. The member at large position is a liaison between the board and the space. It should be someone who is present often and knows the general vibe/wants/needs of the people we serve. In this capacity they shall
    1. Attend board and general body meetings and interact with the community
    2. Manage and greet join requests to our telegram group and other digital spaces
    3. Perform functions delegated to them by the President.
### Nominees
> [!NOTE]  
> Our current Member at large, Kay, is stepping down after several years of board service that we are deeply grateful for
* Tanuki (Nominated by Kataze)
  * Tanuki has accepted (but then rescinded once there were more nominees)
* Danger (Nominated by Falxie)
  * Danger has accepted.
* Nohi (Nominated by Geo)
  * Nohi has declined.
Danger runs uncontested.


# Sidebar

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a [link to our donation portal](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/) on your phone.

# Pupporri
- Mojake: Bought an arcade. If anyone wants to help work on it, message Mojake. Will also be looking in to getting a high-top Transit van.
- Nohi: Made the RPi powering the OpenSauce thing dispenser working.

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, June 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.

