# General Body Meeting Agenda for February 23rd, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Geo, Falxie, Rechner, Nic, Nohi, Willow, Cameron

**Online:**
Georninja

**Guests:**
Ziggy, Doktor, Michael, Magnet

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - Our new lawyer is great! They even appear to be a real person this time!
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
    - Sent via certified mail, delivered on February 20th.
    - Prior experience has shown us that it will take the FTB a long time to open the mail, and potentially even longer to act on it.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.
- Exploring more membership levels for people who can dedicate time to volunteering at the space.

## Tech Updates
- Moodle (our e-learning platform) will be shutting down their centralized class repo in a month or two. If there are any classes there that you are interested in, please let us know so we can get a copy.
  - Moodle in general, and our instance, will still exist. They're just shutting down the class repo.
- There has been some work on the Wiki, including a list of every PawPrint web service (that we could think of). Please feel free to check it out, and to contribute articles and edits!
- A bunch of tricky updates have been applied to our infrastructure.
  - FreeIPA has been descrungled and is now on a fully supported OS.
  - The Docker host is now on a fully supported OS.
  - Moodle's pile of PHP has been updated.
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We are waiting to hear back from the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - We're not expecting much for a few months.
  - DotMeow had a successful fundraising campaign, raising around $170k.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, February 26th.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights have started and are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!

# Treasurer Update
- Updates will be now given for whole calendar months.
- Will be working with a CPA to handle our state tax situation.
- Last month:
  - Paid state tax 2022-2024, offset by Open Sauce 2025 sales that were transferred.
  - Spent: $6,794
  - Received: $6,264
    - -$430
  - Money in the bank: $26,579.00 (Jan 30, 2026)

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- The moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space has been lifted!
  - Please be gentle.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri
- Geo made some antennas that turned out to be sculptures. Satellite communications are fun though.
- Nohi and Scout are meshing about with WiFi-Halo.
- Falxie attempted to use a bench PSU to power an HP mini-pc with a sense-pin. It got sad.
- Willow is working on a KiCAD plugin to turn PCBs into 3D-printable die-mold-press things to make PCBs out of metal foil tape.
- Ziggy is doing research in to cursed platforms with Ruby builds for a potential talk.
- Cameron has been exploring ESPHome a lot. Not loving the YAML.

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, March 24th. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.
