# General Body Meeting Agenda for April 28th, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Rechner, Falxie, W, Kay, Starskipper, Nohi, Bocuma, Kaze

**Online:**
Mojake, Cameron, NeverBehave

**Guests:**
Magnet

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - We have received a confirmation that the form has been received. Processing the request will likely take months.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.
- We may have an opportunity to expand in the near future. The details are still *very* vague though. More information to come as we get it.

# Tech Updates
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We are waiting to hear back from the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - ICANN asked for some bank statements. We sent them bank statements.
  - We're not expecting much for a few months.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday.
    - May be more of a hangout this time, as Rechner is out.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!
- We will be having a clean-up day this weekend!
  - Saturday May 2nd, 12PM to 8PM.
  - It'll be fun! There will be food!

# Treasurer Update
- We filed our 199N postcard.
- Last month:
  - Spent: $3,941
  - Received: $4,077
    - +$136
  - Money in the bank: $27,917.08

# Cleanup Day!
- This Saturday, May 2nd at noon until whenever
    - You are not obligated to stay for a long time! 
    - Please budget your spoons and help if you can
- Cleanup day will entail the following
    - Red tagging anything not owned or colocated by the space
    - Throwing out obvious junk, putting aside stuff to sell at the EFM
    - Sweeping, mopping, vacuuming, wiping, dusting, etc
    - Bathrooms 💩
- There will be Pizza and drinks

# Motions and Voting
- Both of Nohi's proposals from last month have passed!
  - [Storage unit proposal](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h3Cn00lNPziD1sDuY7jBRJ36JlxI_A5r/view?usp=drive_link)
  - [OpenSauce Funds](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DEUtesXYDFnXMXBmkCXE34ZihfUrSvUi/view?usp=drive_link)
- Bocuma:
  - We need a bandsaw that works. $400 portable bandsaw plus $100 for modifying it. $500 total.
  - Minilathe is kill. Need a new lathe bed. $290.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri
- Bocuma is reassembling the mini CNC mill.
- Nohi is making a neat protogen.
- Mojake would like anyone interested in arcade stuff to reach out to them.
- Falxie's alternator broke. Again. They fixed it. Again.
- StarSkipper is working on a door on a 1980s beetle.
- W is making a big neopixel but it doesn't work for unknown reasons. Would like input it anyone has ideas.
- Rechner is doing a lot of home automation stuff. They checked out Matter. Matter did not cooperate.

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, May 26th. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.

