# Board Meeting Agenda July 25th, 2023

## Attendees
- In-person: Kataze, Rechner, Amp, Cynra
- Timber (remote)

### Discussion
- Updates to Membership Agreement [Amp]
  - Description of number of times tried/retried to collect payment
  - Prohibition against representing / speaking on behalf of Pawprint
  - Keeping these changes in this revision, recommend review by a lawyer later and possibly next revision.
- Updates to Member Matters 
  - Next on the list: Procedural ID card generation
    - no updates
- Resume search for D&O insurance
  - Need an asset list in moderate detail
  - Separate meeting needs to be convened to discuss further
  - Comparison of available options 
- Update existing liability insurance with new building owner
- OpenSauce update
- Welding - compatible with insurance?
  - Still need to call
- Generate a tool wish list
  - Punted to the general body meeting
- Cleanup day soon
  - Hearing the proposal at the general body meeting
  - Need someone from the board there to manage that

### Long Term Items
- Hazardous waste accumulation and disposal handling plan
- Figure out how to process space reimbursements


### Next Meeting Date
August 22nd at 6:30pm barring objection (revising async)



### Next Meeting Date
August 22nd at 6:30pm barring objection 
