# Board Meeting Agenda May 27th, 2026

## Attendees

### Space Management

#### Board Elections
- Upcoming board elections moved to June per [2026-03-24 minutes](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/blob/64d5c6ae78cff09dba36a1d03f1873711c309b66/general/minutes/2026/minutes_2026-03-24.md?plain=1#L52).


#### Expansion
- The space next-door may be opening up in the new future.
  - We're looking in to viability.
  - Expecting a yearly lease like our existing one.
  - Kataze reached out to Capital to confirm availability, no updates yet.

#### Board Member Burnout
- How are we doing burnout wise?
  - Last month, we changed inventory management to a Secretary duty and voted to move elections to June.
  - Largely ok aside from some outside stuff.

#### New Member Level Pilot
- How is it going so far?
  - No complaints yet, but we should check in.

#### Tech
- ICANN conditionally approved our ASP application!
  - Next steps: crowdfund remaining ~$65k
  - Confirmed and submitted $2500 deposit
  - gTLD Next Round application deadline is **August 12, 2026**.
- Matrix server is ready for members to use
  - Bridged with most Telegram topics/groups.   Creating new topics requires a config file update.
  - SSO via MemberMatters is required.
  - Only one person has joined so far.
- Membership roster rearrangement still needs to happen. Task for Geo.
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - We have yet to act on the findings.

#### Finances


### California Drama
- Still waiting to hear back from the FTB regarding our new form 3500a. We expect this will take a very long while.

### Events
- OpenSauce build nights are underway.

### Motions and Voting
- Both of Nohi's proposals (storage unit and OpenSauce funds) passed.
  - We still need to acquire the storage unit

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, June 22nd.

## Sidebars
  

