# General Body Meeting Agenda for December 27nd, 2022
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Amp, Timber, Jake, Skyite, 

**Online:** 
Rechner, BrokenWing

**Guests:** 

# General News
  - Twitter account still exists: https://twitter.com/pawprintproto
    - Send kataze pictures to be tweeted!
    - If you would like to tweet on our behalf, talk to the board!
    - Would like to shoot some footage of the space and its capabilities for the website
    - Twitter remains the active platform; do we need to go somewhere else?
    - Who wants to deal with Mastodon? (Which instance? Probably don't want to spin up own)
    - What about crosspost services?
  - Electrical work planning
    - Want to run new wiring runs on the ceiling
    - Need to rent a lift; need to develop a full plan prior to pulling the trigger on the lift
  - What day of the week to hold meetings on?
    - Currently on Tuesdays; hoping to re-poll post-FC (and post-Holidays) for greater participation
    - Website needs to be updated to reflect the meeting days
  - FC is coming up!
    - Would like to distribute postcards at FC
    - Advertise and hopefully pick up new members 
    - Would be fun to do an event at FC, if feasible
  - Front door binding; please be gentle with the door and remember to pull the door out (to unload the latch and let it unlock), and then push forward
    - Doorframe is tight but would require concrete work to change; no better alternatives to the latch mechanism at time of installation - open for suggestions
    - NN validate code access to secondary door
  
# Treasurer Update
  - Slightly cash-positive this month
  - Reserve fund (3 months of expenses) is secure in the bank account; Pawprint has saved up additional funds to allow for space expenditures

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
## HAM Club
  - Should we do a last-minute Ham Radio Exam at FC?
    - Is there interest from the membership for an exam session?
    - Depends also on test materials availability for the proctor team

# Motions and Voting?
  - none scheduled
# Puppourri
  - Kataze received a flight feeder (flightaware); ready for install
  - What about doing a 3D scan - and - print sort of thing at FC? 
  - Need to pre-position paper towel replacement rolls; people appreciate the quality of selected paper towels
  - Jake has excess silicone casting materials which are approaching the end of shelf life; contact Jake to use/learn


# Next meeting date:
January 24th @ 7:00 pm
