# Board Meeting Agenda July 31, 2020

## Attendees
- Timber, Rechner, Tane, Kataze

### Discussion
- Corporate Filings pupdate
  - Tane filing the DBA paperwork; cannot get the newspaper to publish until filing application processed
  - Kataze has the paperwork required, in process
- Next steps towards being a real org
  - Finding some sort of bookkeeping software
    - Tane to examine Odoo's finance module
    - On hold pending legal standing as an entity (see DBA filing)
  - Bank account options
    - On hold for DBA filing
- Front Door Replacement Update
  - Kataze spoke with the door people
  - Estimate comes out to $1087.66 for labor and materials for hanging door
  - Non mail slot custom cut door $755.10
  - Mail slot custom cut door $981.64
  - Need to look into options that do not involve changing the doorframe due to the labor cost.
- Fanvil Update
  - No updates.
- License Plate Explanation Letter
  - Has been mailed. Awaiting response from DMV.
- Need to decide if we want a credit card
  - Pending bank account.
- Website update
  - None; Looking to have a website for Pawprint and TLA by next month
- The Walls
  - Walls erected, ceiling in progress
- Van Stuff?
  - Need to resinstall floor - tabled for first thing sunday
  - Mechanic update
    - Nobody returning Tane's calls
    - Need oil change and glow plugs examined
  - Equipment update
    - Need to start preparing to install radios and run wire. Prioririze side speakers over head unit.
    - Need to re-rivet divider door lock panel; lock no longer locks
    - We have one way radio, one way radio speakers, two way radio, two way radio speakers.
- Oops I bought a mill
  - Need to decide where to locate the mill
    - will require pulling power; high power capacity wire will be an expense

### Pupourri
- Tane to look at the Xerox scanning applications.
- Kataze doesn't like doing hack nights with big stints of work on Sunday.
- Next hack night priorities: restore van floor, add two way radio speakers
- At least one table to be removed from the shop floor and relocated to loft
- Also purchased a fan extraction/filter bench
- Need to ponder what to do with the glass chamber
- Tane to do e-waste soonish
- Should look into renew lease or relocating; Lease is up in October.
- Kataze wants to get someone to examine the HVAC systems for reccomendations.
- Telechallenge is next week (Def Con should have started on Thurs)
  - Kataze probably to camp out in the warehouse over the weekend
  - Possibility for full-scale hackathon over weekend
- Want to start thinking about implementing real membership
  - Consider possible candidates 
    - 501(c)3 cannot do pure invite-only
    - Need to have open nights
    - Lean towards substantial Board vetting for applicants
- New large PSU acquired and to be set up - Rigol
- Replacement 30C payphone lock acquired
- Microsoft Flight Simulator impending; Kataze wants a gaming PC set up at the space, along with VR headset
- Tane to complete meeting with either a vodka-redbull or initiate a nap
- Look into a new ISP as a 501(c)3
- Docusign as a nonprofit?

### Next Meeting Date
- August 28th, 6pm barring objections
