
# General Body Meeting Agenda for October 26th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board: Kataze, Geo, Mojake, Kay (online) 
Kilte, Boccuma, Falxie 
**Online:** 


**Guests:** 
Rameen, 6eau (online)

# General News
- Persidential Administration prep
  - Community concerns and call to actions.
    - Passport Paperwork Party, the PP PPP
      - Final date to come, will be done before Janurary 20th
    - Members are welcome assemble in Pawsitive actions.
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
  - Document your projects to be featured on the Pawprint Blog
  - Please help flesh out the [Wiki](https://wiki.pawprint.space/) for the space!
 - Google Calendar; Calendar Event Request form

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Please submit proposals for Tool Requests and/or other reinvestment ideas to the Board

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
- Lasercutter fixing day Nov. 27th 
  - Late afternoon/evening. 
- Pick-n-Place class Saturday Dec. 7th, 11:00am with Kay 
- Solder class, Saturday Dec. 14th with Rechner.
- Secret Santa group! - Magnet/Kay
  - Kay will organize a group and post into the PP chat. 
  - $100 upper limit on gift
- Weekly open houses starting Tuesday Feburary 4th, 6-8pm - Mojake
  - Will have a contact list of volunteers to schedule tool teaching.
    - Could be you! Ask Mojake for details. 
- FC Build group 
  - Telegram chat still open if interested.
- Opensauce build group
  - Telegram chat open if interested. 

## Health and Safety
- Please keep in mind sugar free options.
- No peanuts in the space.
  
## HAM Club
- Exam at FC.
  - Keep an ear open for a casual study session prior to this exam.
- Classes to resume again in Q1 2025
  
# Motions and Voting
- Talk to Kay about getting things on the docket to drain our pocket

- An arbor press - Boccuma 
  - Price range of $75 - $300 

- Consumable budget - Boccuma 
  - Slush fund for consumables/supplies already exists 
  - A seperate account for more specific tool needs and not just general supplies

- A remote membership teir for supporting the cause - 6aeu 
  - Wanted occasional update
  - Wanted remote access to events/classes of space

# Labcoats!



# Puppourri
- Group hacker/makerspace tour of the bay - 6eau 
  - Focus on East Bay. 

- A remote membership teir for supporting the cause - 6aeu 
  - Wanted occasional update
  - Wanted remote access to events/classes of space

- Afterdark Exploritoriom furry flash party - 6eau 
  - Thursday the 21st will be when 6eau is there. 

- Bocumma is working on a mill class! - Boccuma 
  - How to turn the machine on
  - Here's what it does
  - Here's how not to die
  - Absolutely no idea on when, "hopefully in the next couple of months" - Boccuma 

- The bandsaw is now fixed! - Boccuma 
  - Many scrungled pieces that are now fixed and enchanced! 
  - No longer sounds like a tractor 

- "I recently upgraded home computer" - Kilte 
  - Old computer is up for cheap 
  - Reach out to Kilte for details

- Recessim, a website. - 6eau 
  - Maker wiki blog that one can use to post their projects. 
  - 6eau projects can be found there! 
  - https://wiki.recessim.com/view/User:-.-6eau

- There is an upgrade kit for the Mk3 to MK4 - Mojake 

# Next meeting date:
- December Meeting and open house are cancelled due to busy holidays.
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, Janurary 28th. 

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
