# General Body Meeting Agenda for June 23rd, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**

**Guests:**

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.
- We are pursuing renting the space next-door (unit 25). We have received paperwork.

# Tech
- ICANN approved our ASP application and we are ready to start the gTLD application process.  
  - Crowdfunding campaign is well on-track, we are \~80% funded towards our $90k goal with 39 days to go.  
  - gTLD Next Round application deadline is **August 12, 2026**.  
- Server and network rework is in progress, Geo donated a new box we are working on setting up.
- Networking:
  - We may have the opportunity to switch to AT&T Business Fiber at a reasonable price over our current Comcast connection.
  - Also taking the server rebuild downtime to plan network upgrades with a new router, Never has a proposal.
- Matrix server is ready for members to use  
  - Bridged with most Telegram topics/groups. Creating new topics requires a config file update.  
  - Sign in at pawprint.chat (SSO account via MemberMatters is required). 

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, covering basic networking.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!
- Cleanup day was a huge success. Thank you to all that helped.

# Treasurer Update
- Last month:
  - Spent: $TBD
  - Received: $TBD
    - +$TBD
  - Money in the bank: $TBD

# Motions and Voting

## General Motions
Never has proposed a motion to upgrade core components of our network using Ubiquiti hardware. The full details of the motion may be found via [this link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cHQ7_SE_qhocau7mDAK-uM3hw1mF-pFs3U1RYy5jSBk/edit?tab=t.0)

## Board Elections
We have received an additional nomination. Nic has been nominated for the position of Treasurer by Oreo. Additionally, we have yet to reach quorum. Given this information, the secretary has opted to bring to a board vote to update the ballot and re-solicit votes for the next 2 weeks (until July 7th).

# Sidebar

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a [link to our donation portal](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/) on your phone.

# Pupporri

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, July 28th. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.

