# General Body Meeting Agenda for February 23rd, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**

**Guests:**

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - Our new lawyer is great! They even appear to be a real person this time!
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
    - Sent via certified mail, delivered on February 20th.
    - Prior experience has shown us that it will take the FTB a long time to open the mail, and potentially even longer to act on it.
- Exploring more membership levels for people who can dedicate time to volunteering at the space.

## Tech Updates
- Moodle (our e-learning platform) will be shutting down their centralized class repo in a month or two. If there are any classes there that you are interested in, please let us know so we can get a copy.
  - Moodle in general, and our instance, will still exist. They're just shuttind down the class repo.
- There has been some work on the Wiki, including a list of every PawPrint web service (that we could think of). Please feel free to check it out, and to contribute articles and edits!
- A bunch of tricky updates have been applied to our infrastructure.
  - FreeIPA has been descrungled and is now on a fully supported OS.
  - The Docker host is now on a fully supported OS.
  - Moodle's pile of PHP has been updated.
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We are waiting to hear back from the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - We're not expecting much for a few months.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, February 26th.
- OpenSauce will at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights have started and are every Wednesday from 6PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!

# Treasurer Update
- Updates will be now given for whole calendar months.
- Last month:
  - Spent: $TBD
  - Received: $TBD
    - +$TBD

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- The moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space has been lifted!
  - Please be gentle.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, March 24th. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.
