# General Body Meeting Agenda for January 27th, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**


**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We received preliminary tax assessments for the years 2022, 2023, and 2024. More info in the treasurer update.
  - We intend to file a 3500A moving forward but don't perceive a ton of urgency.
  - We are seeking legal guidance from a lawyer that our CPA recommended.
- Exploring more membership levels for people who can dedicate time to volunteering at the space.

## Tech Updates
- New events platform - Mobilizon
  - Check it out at https://events.pawprintprototyping.org
  - Log in with MemberMatters SSO
  - More self-service than the calendar, help us expand community engagement by organizing your interest group there
  - Federates with other Mobilizon instances over ActivityPub (server-to-server)
- We have a Moodle LMS instance! Log in with your Membership Portal credentials (no active membership required).
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
  - 3D printer training
  - Beginner intro to Python
- We have a new Wiki: https://wikijs.pawprintprototyping.org
  - Should be easier to edit than on Github
  - Login with MemberMatters SSO
  - Legacy wiki available at https://old.wiki.pawprint.space
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- We are waiting to hear back from the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program.
  - We're not expecting much for a few months.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, January 29th.
- FC went great!
  - Running a charity table led to lots of great interactions.
  - Zoltaur was a hit and received a shoutout during closing ceremonies.
  - We deeply appreciate everyone who helped run the charity table throughout the event and those who helped with the theming build leading up to the event.

# Treasurer Update
- Updates will be now given for whole calendar months.
- Last month:
  - Spent: $3,135
  - Received: $4,250
    - +$1,115
- 2025 went very well!
  - Started the year with $15,260.54 ended with $27,738.53
  - +$12,477.99
- We paid state taxes for our 2021, 2022, and 2023 fiscal years.
  - Paid on Jan 8 for a total of $3,400.29
  - We were prepared for this due to our moratorium on spending.

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- The moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space has been lifted!
  - Please be gentle.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri
- What's everyone been up to?

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, February 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.
