# General Body Meeting Agenda for May 26th, 2026

# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**

**Guests:**

# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - We remain in good standing with federal and state entities, and remain a federally recognized 501c3.
- The space next-door may be opening up in the new future. We are looking in to viability and have reached out to confirm. No updates yet.

# Tech Updates
- We are working on implementing some badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If you're interested in helping, there's a Telegram group.
- The badge reader has been updated to be less grumpy.

## ICANN Announcement
- ICANN conditionally approved our ASP application!
  - Next steps: crowdfund remaining ~$65k
  - Confirmed and submitted $2500 deposit
  - gTLD Next Round application deadline is **August 12, 2026**.

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday!
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- The Infra-Interest Group meets every other Thursday.
  - The next meeting is this Thursday, covering basic networking.
- OpenSauce will be at the San Mateo County Fairgrounds July 17-19.
  - OpenSauce build nights are every Wednesday from 7PM to 9PM.
  - Special thanks to Nohi for leading the OS build nights!
- Cleanup day was a huge success. Thank you to all that helped.

# Treasurer Update

# Motions and Voting

# Sidebar

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts.
- Reminder on space switch usage and bylaw changes.
  - Members are expected to open the space whenever present.
  - We're working on a new space switch to make this process less error-prone.
- Donations!
  - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer. Text TLA to 44-321 for a [link to our donation portal](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/) on your phone.

# Pupporri

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, June 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join!
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire.

