
# Board Meeting Agenda October 21st, 2024
- Geo, Kay, Mojake, Kataze (online), Rechner (online),

## Attendees
- 6eau (hacker dojo), David (MA friend), 

### Discussion
- 2024 Engagement
  - Upcoming classes?
      - "Want to go back and audit the classes" - Kataze
      - Solder class December 14th - Rechner 
        - Two spaces open of supplies
      - PNP class Dec. 7th, 1100 - Kay
        - Mountain view reverse engineering invites 
        - May be $5 for take home boards 
        - DC510 interest for PNP use 
  - Ham Radio classes Q1 2025
    - Exam at FC, maybe study groups ahead of that
      - "Host pretty casual study session groups" - Rechner
          - Online and in person
    - "We have a club call, haven't done much with it" - Rechner 
    - "N6NFI by standford, 9amtalk.net" "PAARA.org Palo Alto Club meets First Friday's" - 6aeu
- Space organization and cleanliness
  - Projects and parking passes - status update?
  - Durable bin for flea market holdings
- Lasercutter status report 
  - Day on the calendar! 
  - "Only have X-rails, Y-rail order was not correct." - Rechner 
  - "Hacker Dojo may have a temporary solution for lasering" - 6eau
  - Rotary may be a bug/interaction in controller
- Status of Opensauce committment 
  - "I think we're doing it" - Kataze
  - William Osman loves furries 
    - Framed tweet to make 
- Operation scaffold rental - Circle back to in 2025 
  -Date range
  -List of work to be done
  -Other needed items to complete work (ie conduit, bulk cable, hecking mounting bolts)
- Status of Social Media
  - Officially off of twitter. 
    - Posted a last "find us here" 
  - Now crossposting to Bluesky and Mastadon 
- [Board admin Kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/PawprintPrototyping/projects/5)
  - EVq questionaare due December 1st.
    - Maybe let Kanban go if license is expering 
    - Rechner is on the case!
- Any concerns in regards to the upcoming persidential administration.
  - H.R. 9495 the "Stop Terror-Financing and Tax Penalties on American Hostages Act"
      - "Trump and future presidents to effectively shut down nonprofits by labeling them a “terrorist-supporting organization.” The measure could target humanitarian aid groups, news outlets, schools and countless civil society organizations." - DemocracyNow.Org
  - Not sure what we can do (specifically) for our membership 
  - Announce to general meeting to start the conversation if they feel so inclined. 
  - "Get together to fill out Passport paperwork party" - Geo
    - After FC, before Jan. 20th
  - Don't feel the need to do any anxiety tariff buying. 
    - Bulk Fastners would be nice. 
- Next meeting date very close to Christmas
-   Secret Santa to be discussed tomorrow - Kay
- Kay is offically on the bank account
  - "I have a card now." - Kay
  - Point of contact, Nick Jones, at Cuppertino bank.
- Should we submit a Pawprint panel at FC?
  - Good idea that got us members last time.
  - We need to submit our panel before the 30th 


### Long Term Items
- FC build group
  - Needs to move to short term, it's moving along.
  - See telegram group and Kay for details. 

### Next Meeting Date
December 23rd, 2024 
