# Board Meeting Agenda November 24th, 2025

## Attendees
Kataze, Rechner, Falxie, Kay, Geo

### Space Management

#### Space switch report
- What do our space switch stats look like for the last month?
  - At the time of writing, HA is a little angry due to the maglock undergoing maintenance.
  - Weekly space open time average: ?
  - Weekly space occupied average: ?
- Working on a new space switch implementation.

#### Tech
- ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program deadline has been extended to December 19th but this date is rapidly approaching.
  - We need to submit ASAP.
  - The deadline is before the next board meeting.
  - Moving forward with a review report?
  - Board to cover CPA costs?
    - Looking to get an email out tomorrow.
- Warrant canary implementation?
  - Need to re-upload our PGP key and check our handling of creds, but otherwise seems good.
- Equipment lockout updates?
  - Life happened, backburnered for now.
  - Little board made.
  - Looking to delegate to the subcommittee. 
- Raspberry Pi CM4 donation?
  - We received 20 boards!
- Membership roster rearrangement?
  - Member matters ID may be a good source of truth for correlating members between FreeIPA, Member Matters, and the roster.

### Events
- FC is in a little over 1 month.
  - The built-group is meeting weekly.
  - Do we want to do anything in addition to what the build-group is doing? Fliers? Panel? Meetup?
    - We submitted to do a panel.

### California Drama
- 3500A filing?
  - We don't perceive a ton of urgency. Aiming for post-MFF?
- May need to file a full 3500 instead of 3500A due to previous rejection?
  - Need to determine if this is indeed a requirement.
  - Maybe just for revoked? We have never had our status revoked.
- Lisa, the CPA, gave us recommendations for legal council.

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, December 22nd.

## Sidebars
- Rechner has drafted a proposal for more membership tiers.
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOE5ppWa40MFetvH4oaX1EbsKVMsAFynAbm2HvGjlYM/edit?usp=sharing

