# Board Meeting Agenda June 23rd, 2025

## Attendees
Board: Rechner, Kataze, Geo, Kay (remotely)
Members: T3chn3rd


## Discussions 

### Board elections
- Is there anything we need to do to get ready?
    - Advertise what positions exist to membership
    - Double check official voting channels for effective communication and accurate membership accounting. 
    - Should we suspend 6-month rule?  Nah

### Events
- OpenSauce Commitment July 18-20th
  - Last chance, are we all set to go? (No Dx)
    - Floppy disks?
      - Our sticker printer is sticky and sad, needs paper turnaround thinger replaced
    - Promotional flyers or otherwise?
      - Kay made good fliers for FC, let's print more of those
    - Stickers?
      - Geo will order 500 more, ~$150
    - Big Simon SAO production?
      - Mojake had some updates
      - Kay will probably order PCBA from JLB PCB
      - Skunk-based labor also an option
- GrapheneOS 
  - Do we wanna commit to a new date?  July 29th, maybe
- Anything else?
  - I'm interested in teaching a Hatch/embroidery class once I'm back and get the babylock sent in for maintence. - Mojake.

### Space Management
- Sawstop update.
  - Quopas is confident that the Sawstop will fit our table.
  - He said he'd reach out to Kay for making the purchase.
      - If not, we should really get on this. Bite the delivery bullet if neccessary.
  - Kay went to the store to get one, but it's backordered.  It will be set aside for us.
- CNC router update
  - Vote for it plz
  - Looks like it will pass
- Are there any outstanding red tickets?
  - Not yet
- Solutions for enforcing keeping flat top work surfaces clean.
  - Shame is powerful
    - Signs to put on tables good, or just more clutter?
    - Sign-motivated individuals are welcome to JFDI
      - Signs are sometimes the only good way to communicate for people who don't come to meetings or read emails
    - Potentially start investigating and wrist slapping?
      - Encourage calling out to clean up instead of silently stewing about it

### ICANN Believe
- Any big news to discuss before announcing to membership?
  - Do you know an accountant that doesn't cost a lot of moneys?
  - We need an audit
  - The search continues

### Travel Advisory
- Mojake will be Back July 17th, the day after Open Sauce

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 7:00, July 21st
