# Board Meeting Agenda September 22nd, 2025

## Attendees
Rechner, Kay, Falxie, Geo, Tanuki, Scout, Bocuma, Oscar

### Space Management

#### Tech
- Finally, an ISP quote that isn't a gazillion dollars from [Tekify](https://www.tekify.com/proposal/BOGSOJZZF2).
  - Unfortunately did not heed my plea for more upstream bandwidth.
  - Municipal fiber is still a potential option, but an expensive potential option.
  - Fixed 5g is also an option, but is quite problematic for hosting.
- Rechner has set up Moodle LMS to power more formalized class offerings async throughout the year.
  - Working on adding member induction class as a format for the membership handbook, some basic safety expectations, and orientation quiz.
  - Mandatory education for all members.
  - Set up with Stripe/Paypal for class registration which involves collecting fees.
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
- Altera new server donation (oscar)
  - Difficult for us to justify.
- Equipment donation program (oscar)
  - Oscar will add info to the site.
  - Kay will make a Google sheet for inventory purposes.
- Used servers from Genstor via Archai
  - Potentially storage solutions.
- Cleaning up power in additive manufacturing area
  - Conduit day! Also measuring how much conduit we need.
  - Oscar suggests power monitoring on that circuit. Or all circuits.
  - Possible donation of current meter clamp thing octopus.
- Equipment lockouts
  - Existing companion to MemberMatters. ESP-based.
  - Need someone to actually do it though.

### Events
- Makerfaire in 3 days (though I don't think we're going) ((nope))
- Something for Pawcon?
- Also thinking ahead to FC.
  - Build group? What do we make? Theme is beach... we have sand!
- Organize some other creative event between the bay area hackerspaces?

### California Drama
- Rechner has contacted Foundation Group for consulting, compliance, and optional bookkeeping services.
  - Planning to file a 3500A for future to see what happens.
  - Geo will compile some questions to ask Jonathon.
- Nonprofit consultants update (oscar)
  - Federal Work Study program.
- Fundraising update (oscar)

### Motions and Voting
- [Proposed bylaws changes](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/17) by Rechner.
  - Motion passed. Ayes: Rechner, Kay, Falxie, Geo.

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, October 27th.

## Sidebars
- Falxie is handling paperwork for the Registry of Charitable Trusts.
- Facilities group?
- Oscar wants to set up a retail store but wants someone else to run it.
