# Board Meeting Agenda February 24th, 2025

## Attendees
Kataze, Rechner, Kay, Geo, Mojake, Nic, Earthshine (vibing in the office)

### Discussions 
- 2025 Enagement
    - Silcone toy making class went well
    - Four folks showed up, Tommy + friend, Nohi, DokWolf. 
    - No online joins despite folks asking/requesting.
      - Maybe holding classes over Telegram stream instead of Google meet would lower friction?
      - Social media: maybe start making use of Telegram stories?
- Upcoming classes?
  - Do we have anyone/anything to announce for March?
    - SMD soldering? - Rechner 
        - Sunday the 16th, 2pm. 
- Open House Tuesdays
    - How's it going, how's the vibe?
    - Moderately driving tour interest, if not membership
      - 2 tour visitors in  January
      - 2 new members last meeting
    - New members showing up to chase the good hackerspace vibe
    ![January member engagement](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a857613b-8dca-446c-8f85-a197ec4daddd)
- EFM involement
    - Do we want to NOT be a part of EFM for any finanacial/legal reasons (as opposed to spoon and personell reasons)
- Motions and voting from last month.
    - Do we wanna put the final vote/announcement for current votes in gneral news or motions and voting?
        - Put it in motions and voting - Kataze 
            - Should we buy the voted on things? - Geo
            - We need to have another meeting for voting and bylaws. 
-3D print reorg ceritification
    - Cutout for a week after meeting, with tool education night buffer. Also gives us time to setup signage. 
    - Prusa link intigration for the members. 

#### Money matters
- Need to issue CAM reconciliation payment ($1,432.54)
    - "Let's do that, I think we just hit pay" - Kataze 
    - Paid during meeting by Kataze
- Tool maintenance:
  - Laser cutter needs a replacement tube (~$500)
    - Bylaws technically require a vote 
        - Motion to replace proposed by Kataze 
        - Seconded by Kay
        - Unanimous vote by board passed. 

#### Long Term Items
- Mojake will probably not be able to make the June meeting, nor June/early July events. (travel)
- Do we want to appoint a head-of-FC for Pawprint? 
    - We would like to as soon as we know who to talk to. 

#### Sidebars and tangents
- Bylaws are annoying, have to register paperwork with the state.
    - Though we should figure something out for voting, qourom, and effeciency for voting. 


#### Next Meeting Date
- Monday, March 24th. 2025
