# Board Meeting Agenda March 24th, 2025

## Attendees
Kataze, Kay, Geo, Mojake, Rechner (online)

## Discussions 



### Events
- OpenSauce Commitment
    - Pawprint exhibition 
        - Have yet to fill out the application
            - Waiting for better submission documenation.
            - Waiting for finalized project proposal. 
            - Want to get it in in the next week or two - Kataze 
        - Something with the arm, maybe polish up what has been before. 
        - We are going! 
        - Love the "one big thing" and a table of projects. 
    - Official solder partnership
        - Forget it, they hired someone - Kay 
        - Unofficial solder station
            - We could do one, just specifiy hot tools will be had. 
            - Premade kits of solder stations. 
            - We should probably get a waiver for folks using our hot tools. 
    - Noise Bridge reachout ahead of event. 
        - We could do lightning talks. 
- Pawprint birthday April 1st
    - Cake Party! 
        - Tuesday, April 1st. (Would get in way, but also advertise Open Sauce)
            - Smol celebration with the Tuesday usuals.
        - Go to Montague Park (Date/time?)
        - Try to push birthday to non-members as well. 
            - Big thing Friday the 5th, 7pm, 
    - Make a poster
        - Advertise this poster at furry meet at Tipsy 
    - Robot champagne idea
        - Mount sabre to robot
        - Robot powered by Rechner van
            - Robot contained in van for debris containment.
        - Location in parking lot of Pawprint

### Space Management
- Tool maintenance:
  - Need to schedule a day for laser tube.
  - Also need to replace the water
    - Flush, refil, and biocide. 
    - Motion to vote for the purchase of OMTech coolant $150 proposed by Kataze
        - Seconded by Rechner
        - Passed unanimously
- Updates on parking violations
    - Are there any outstanding red tickets?
        - Nope

### IT updates
- Mobile Citizen account for exhibition use
  - $120 a year for unlimited data
  - "They offer a couple of devices for ~$50/$150/$250, the more expensive one has an ethernet port so it'd be easy 
     to use as the space backup" - Rechner
  - "I'd go haflsies on the device if we can allocate space funds for the service." - Rechner
  - https://mobilecitizen.org/service/affordable-wireless-internet/
        - Great thing to vote on at general meeting for better engagment! 
- Successfully renewed Azure grant another year
  - idk why they keep asking us to prove we exist using non-public government documents
  - our usage last year: $659 / $2000 grant on two relatively overprovisioned ARM VMs
    - Shell accounts on a members VM to allow members to host what they would like - Rechner
        - Geo can help install a reverse shell 
        - Seperate all infrastruter stuff onto it's own VLAN


### Classes
- Surface mount soldering class went well
  - $160 class revenue, 6 attendees
  - I'd like to invest in other pinecil iron tips for the solder kits
- April class ideas?
    - Can we needle Kilte for sheet metal? 
    - PCB Round 2 - Kay
        - New KiCad, new robot
    - Graphine OS - Kay and Rechner 
    - FOIA night/afternoon - Kataze

### Money matters
- Kay Slush fund propsal 
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SiIWxpEB7vGHUQvHnhcXa1HVLoIksbwWfl4KTl4tCzg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.chlsch58zpl7
    - Will put on general vote tomorrow as "all these funds" 
    - Mojake for 3D Print
    - Kay for snacks
    - Rechner for solder station 
        - Gotta "organize this shit" for purchase documentation? 
- Kay ammendment to motion and voting
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qGkVSPXA9-Ln75bmhoFJyN8q-Jd8g2vGbpcF2sBfovs/edit?tab=t.0
    - "I don't wanna have to wait for a meeting" 
        - Being able to motion, vote, and pass between votes 
    - Make actionable to add to motion and voting 


## Next Meeting Date
- Monday April 22nd. (Moved from the 28th to match general meeting)
    - Moving board member to 7pm 
