# Board Meeting Agenda December 22nd, 2025

## Attendees
- Rechner, Kataze, Falxie, Geo

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- Currently, board members handle the majority of events and space upkeep in addition to their board responsibilities.
- This is unsustainable. We are tired. We need help.
- The need for help has been discussed among the board, and with individuals, but broad messaging has not occurred.
- What could community members do to help?
  - Host classes/workshops.
  - Help with space cleanliness.
  - Update information on the wiki.
  - Tool maintenance.
- Rechner has put together a proposal for additional membership levels for those who can commit to volunteering for the space.
  - Perhaps start small. Put forward the idea to the membership base, maybe start with a few interested members, and see how it goes.
    - Pilot using the student/teacher level?
  - Addition of a non-voting member level will likely require bylaw changes.

#### Space switch report
- Working on a new space switch implementation.
  - Hardware is almost done.

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Now we wait.
  - We did not undergo an audit. Instead, we did our best to show ICANN that we are but poor little guys trying our best.
  - We already have an inquiry - ICANN wants us to:
    - **Confirm no conflicts of interest** per [ASP Terms & Conditions Section 2](https://newgtldprogram.icann.org/en/application-rounds/round2/asp/tandcs) (verify no one involved with the applicant is listed in [ICANN's Form 990 Schedule J, pages 51-54](https://www.icann.org/en/system/files/files/icann-irs-990-fy24-26mar25-en.pdf))
    - We have responded to the inquiry.
  - May be time to start coming up with funding and pre-launch strategies.
    - dot-meow had cool challenge coins!
  - Timeline is roughly a 14-week review period. Expecting around April?
- We have a new wiki system that is hopefully more approachable for people who are not Very Computer.
  - Will be made the default wiki soon.
- Warrant canary implementation?
  - PR open. Key isn't quite correct but can be corrected.
- Equipment lockout updates?
- Membership roster rearrangement?
  - Geo to work on a roster. May be able to kickstart via Docuseal export.
- Service access and ownership audit?
  - We need an inventory before we can audit it. What services do we have/use?
  - Geo to start a spreadsheet to track state, board to go over services as a group soon.

### Events
- FC is in a few weeks.
  - The built-group is meeting more than weekly.
  - We have been offered a table to represent PawPrint with the other charities.
    - More paw-simon boards? Are we allowed to sell things?
    - Still need to find people.
  - We will be doing a panel, similar to years prior.
    - Need to put out a call for participation.

### California Drama
- 3500A filing?
- We have a potential lawyer lined up but need to determine a budget.
  - Dedicating $600 to have 2 hours of review by the lawyer. Further action will follow the lawyer's response.

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, January 26th.

## Sidebars
- Do we want a CRM platform?
  - Tracking leads? Donations?

