# Board Meeting Agenda August 25th, 2025

## Attendees
Geo, Rechner, Mojake, Kay, Kataze

### Board elections
- Current results
    - 11 submissions, unanimous with only options. 
        - What is quorom?
            - 39 members currently, Quorum is 21 
            - 11 responses online. 
        - What happens if we don't reach quorom? 
            - rescheduled I suppose? - Rechner 
    - No one else has been nominated since last meeting. 

### Space Management
- CNC router update
    - Bocuma has made a lovely box
    - Mojake talked to Bocuma about putting the router where the "paint" Kallax is by the door. 
        - The Kallax can be repurposed by the bathroom for toiletries and consumables, if not just junked. 
        - Keeps the CNC away from the general table for debris sake. 
        - Bocuma is okay with this idea. 
- Any yellow/red tickets to report? 

### Events
- I want to cancel the Hatch class - Mojake 
    - Still willing to be around at the time slot to teach folks hardware/software for anyone excited, but not actively wanting to make a powerpoint and do a whole speil. 

### California Drama
- [Proposed bylaws changes](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/17) by Rechner.
    - "I believe in our educational mission" - Rechner 
    - Noisebridge does have set operating hours on their website. 
    - "We are unlocked when memeber are here" - noisebridge 
    - Rule #10 of hackerspace, "only vouche for guests you would have in your own home" rewritten to keep spirit of rule #10 to keep the space safe for all. 
        - In the interest of keeping the space safe, we can give authority to anyone active in space to make a judgement call to have folks leave who are creating an unwelcome environment. 
            - Noisebridge "Ask to leave" policy. 
- What next when Jonathon turns us down this time. 
    - Resubmitted at 501c7
        - What were we for the first two years, and how do we handle the donations of those time? 
    - File in Delaware 
    - Any third options? 
        - partnering with other non-profits? 
            - We could use a furry non-profit to partner with. (FC?) 
        - What do we need to do to become a 501c3?; a question to directly ask. 
- What are we gonna say to the membership/public? 
    - We are not fully aware of the impact as of yet. - Rechner 
        - Put out a call for some resources to help us out. - Rechner 
- What's at financial risk for retroactive 501c7 classification?
    - Concerned about the tax exempt donations no longer being tax exempt. 
        - No one has given enough to matter, it shouldn't be a problem for claimed exemptions. 
    - Concerned about any other taxes that are now due. 


## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 7:00, September 22nd.

## Sidebars
- 
