# Board Meeting Minutes October 27th, 2025

## Attendees
Rechner, Kataze, Falxie, Geo, T3ch N3rd

### Space Management

#### Space switch report
- Over past 30 days, space occupancy vs space switch sits at only 37%.
  - Weekly space open time average: 31h, range 16 - 47h.
  - Weekly space occupied average: 84h range 54 - 111h.
    - Member found sleeping in the space may be partly to blame for such a poor metric.
- <img width="1077" height="349" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4f29a2d-cad4-4afd-a91f-13b7ce694181" />
- Thinking about adding some signage, increasing communication. Maybe displaying the graph somewhere in the space.


#### Tech
- ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program Application Deadline is November 19th (theoretically extended to December, but we should apply as early as possible)
  - Need financial audit to submit application
- Rechner has set up Moodle LMS to power more formalized class offerings async throughout the year.
  - A few classes have been put together so far. Review and help with creating more would be greatly appreciated.
  - 3d printer class is ready.
  - Interested in using it for HAM classes.
  - Interested in creating a library of classes for more async learning.
  - The pile of PHP needs more PHP, but it works.
- Equipment donation program? (oscar)
  - No updates.
- Used servers from Genstor via Archai?
  - Left a voicemail with the contact we were given. Haven't heard back.
- Cleaning up power in additive manufacturing area
  - Conduit day!... We need to schedule it.
    - Scheduled! Sunday November 9th.
- Equipment lockout updates? Working group?
  - Kay taking point, but Kay is out sick.
  - Need to do some softwareing, we think.

### Events
- Something for Pawcon?
  - It's a little under 2 weeks away.
  - Fliers? Need to print more.
- Also thinking ahead to FC.
  - A bit over 2 months away.
  - Probably time to schedule the build groups again and start figuring out what we want to make.
  - Float for interest during the Member Meeting tomorrow.

### California Drama
- Updates on reaching out to Foundation Group?
  - They weren't exactly helpful.
- 3500A filing?
  - We want to file moving forward.
  - Still unsure what to do about retroactive.

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, November 24th at 19:00.

## Sidebars
- We should schedule another cleaning day and take some pictures.

