# Board Meeting Agenda July 21st, 2025

## Attendees
Kataze, Rechner, Geo, Mojake, 


### California Drama
- Kataze and Touria working hard on getting a response letter all lined up. 
    - Third draft seems good - Kataze
        - We assume Touria will be submitting on our behalf, waiting for confirmation from lawyer
        - The lawyer has been paid out of Pawprint account. 
        - The letter is signed as of 1900, July 21st by Kataze. 
    - Deadline is coming up for response.
        - Thursday, July 24th
        - Waiting for Kay to respond by 22nd for financials. 

### Board elections
- Is there anything we need to do to get ready?
    - Advertise what positions exist to membership
    - Double check official voting channels for effective communication and accurate membership accounting. 
        - Google form. 

### Events
- OpenSauce postop 
    - Any immediate actionables? (Broken robots, missed connections)
        - Get stuff out of van
    - Do we want to schedule a open sauce post-party?
        - Ask any members if they have the spoons. 
- GrapheneOS 
    - Did we get a date set?
        - This coming monday
- Anything else?
    - Hatch embroidery class is delayed. The machine store I was gonna get the tune-up at has closed down in the last month. 
        - Class committed for August 23rd, on calendar. 

### Space Management
- CNC router update
    - How's it going?
        - "I'm working on it. I made one motor spin, also machining parts" - Bocuma
- Are there any outstanding red tickets?
    - Nope. 

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 7:00, August 25th.

## Sidebars

- DNA lounge is a cool place, we could do cool furry things there - Recnher. 
