 
# Board Meeting Agenda Janurary 27th, 2025

## Attendees
Kay, Geo, Kataze (online), Mojake, Rechner (online)

### Discussion
- FC follow up
  - Pros
    - We built a bunch of stuff that people seemed to like - Kataze
    - Doing a bunch of small projects a lot more workable as a group scope. - Kataze
  - Cons
    - No designated leader for all of themeing projects. 
  - FC retro for all involved
    - After the general? 
    - Tuesday?
- 2025 Engagement
  - Upcoming classes?
    - Paperwork day - Kay 
    - SMD soldering - Kay 
    - 3D moddling - Mojake 
    - Silicone toy panel remake - Mojake 
      - Feb for V-day. 
    - KiCAD PCB class - Kay
    - FOIA night - Kataze 
    - Safety class for firearms, may leadup to range date - Kay
    - Mill class - Boccuma 
      - Help assist them getting over the finish line. 
    - Sheet metal class (needs metal tool for Kilte)
  - Ham Radio classes Q1 2025
    - Want to aim higher then general - Rechner 
    - Monday/Tuesday might be okay. - Rechner
- Tech-o Tuesdays (Please forgive me, it was 5:30am when I came up with that name -MoJake)
  - Openhouse every Tuesday
    - Will be folded into event build days as we near events
  - Roatating list of board and/or trusted members to be committed to hosting for posted hours
    - Volunteer list associated with tool wiki. 
    - Would also be a great time for weekly chore doing by said person
  - Focus on being available for tool education
    - Living list of tools and the folks able to certify them 
- Operation scaffold rental
  - Backburner until a great need.
- Space organization and cleanliness
  - Signage of shame and instruction
  - Projects and parking passes 
- Status of Opensauce committment
  - Potentail of PP to be a sponser, looking for parts for badges. 
    - Will cost us money, assured to get advertising.
  - Plan for initial white board party
      - Feburary 18th

### Added tangents in post
- trying to get telegram intigrated into membermatters - Rechner

- We need to Prune members telegram chat - Kataze

- We should Move discussion for PP events to member meeting to try to push member involvement 
Make board meetings faster. - Kataze

- We should work on Automating telegram intigration into member onboarding. - Rechner 

#### Long Term Items
- Next season flea market involvment
  - Returns March 9th
  - Market project head? 
    - Mojake is willing to head. 


##### Next Meeting Date
February, 24th. 2025
