# General Body Meeting Agenda for August 26th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**


**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update:
  - Received an official 23701d denial, but it's surprisingly less scary than the earlier drafts.
  - We will be seeking some more legal advice before re-filing 3500A.
  - Achieving 23701d status will likely require some changes.
- Bylaw Updates:
  - We have implemented some changes to the bylaws via a board majority vote.
  - A brief summary:
    - Clarified our purpose statement with a more detailed description of our activities in the context of public benefit.
    - Changed language to better empower public access.
    - Codified member obligations for opening the space, participating in education, and providing mentorship.
    - Changed rule 10 from our "Rules of the Hackerspace" to reflect our values of open access while maintaining safety for all users at the space.
  - Members have 14 days from today's member meeting to motion for a rejection of amendment before ratification. Motions for rejection should be sent to `secretary@pawprintprototyping.org`
- Moderately Multiplayer Moodle Machinations.
  - Learning Management System.
  - Still setting it up, but looking for people interested in teaching to help figure out the system.
  - Planning on making some mandatory induction classes for new members. Basic safety, rules, etc.
  - Payment integration for suggested fees.
  - `https://moodle.pawprintprototyping.org`
- We'd like to implement badge-based equipment access controls.
  - If anyone has interest in helping us manage access controls (we know some of you nerds *really* like badges), please let us know!
- Conduit day!
  - We need to run conduit to the 3D printer area. All of the 3D printers run off of the bathroom GFCI at the moment.
  - We're planning on making a very educational day out of it. Again, if you want to participate, please let us know!

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
  - Every Tuesday! 
  - Tool sign-offs too!
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent this month: $4,321
    - Received this month: $3,256
        - +$1,065
    - Money in the bank: $22,460.14

# Board Member Elections
- Following last month's elections, some positions were shifted around.
  - Mojake opted to step down from their role on the board of directors. We thank them for their diligent service on the board.
  - Kay has changed roles to Member at Large.
  - Falxie has been appointed as the CFO.

# Motions and Voting
- No active motions.
- There is currently a moratorium on motions that require purchases by the space until we sort out the tax business.
- Please feel free to propose motions that do not require purchases in the meantime!
 
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
-Donations!
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- What's everyone been up to?

# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, October 28th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 




