# General Body Meeting Agenda for August 26th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**


**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- California FTB Update  
  -  With the help of our lawyer and board members we formulated a response to the FTB's denial of our 23701d status
  -  They do not believe our organization to be of sufficient public benefit to attain 23701d status
  -  You can read about why [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11WhPmAlJ5Cdjy9dlELUmioaTvQ0XtSCq?usp=sharing)
    - (For brevity and clarity, the above link only includes our final exchange with the FTB, but should contain all the relevant points built up over the dialogue)
  - We continue to believe in education, hands on learning, and community values
    - To this end, we have proposed added language to our bylaws further clarifying our mission and expectations of members. You can see those changes [here](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/17)
    - Nothing has materially changed in our operations, but we are striving to be more clear on paper for those who are unfamiliar with what we do.
  - This information is fresh, and we are still working with our lawyer and advisors to determine next steps.
  - This issue only affects how the state of California taxes us. It is my (Kataze's) firm belief that Pawprint will continue to bring resources and education to our local community for many years to come.
  - If you have any further questions please feel free to ask me, Kataze, in person, or email president@pawprintprototyping.org.


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Embroidery class with Mojake! August 30th, noon. 
  - is cancelled-ish.  
    - Mojake will still be around at this time to instruct on software and hardware use, but it will not be a formal class. 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening.
    - Every Tuesday! 
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent this month: $4256
    - Received this month: $5328
        - +$1072
    - Money in the bank: $21,460.04

# Board elections
- Last chance for nominations.
- Online results
    - 15 votes casted online, quorum is 21
- In person voting
    - President
        - Kataze
    - Treasurer
        - Kay
    - Secretary
        - Geo 
    - CTO
        - Rechner
    - Member at large
        - Mojake
- POSSIBLE TWIST ENDING

# Motions and Voting
- Purchase of a Chips Preheating Plate T-8280 presented last meeting. 
    Online votes
        - yes, 15
        - no, 0
        - abstain, 1
  
- Motion to allocate $400 to the purchase of a new bandsaw, proposed by Bocuma
    - $300 for bandsaw
    - $30 for 3 replacement blades
    - $70 goes to Bocuma for supplies to make a wall mount, vise mount and table
    -     Any remaining money left over from that goes back to Pawprint
      
# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
-Donations!
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.

# Pupporri 
- Today is international dog day (bark bark)


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, September 23rd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 



