# General Body Meeting Agenda for April 22nd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- Laser cutter update. 
  - The tube has been replaced! also new coolant and realignment.  
- The Mill is A-Ok. 
- 3D print shelf has been restored
    - Anycubic Max project removed
    - Ender 3 V3 is back 

# Marketing and outreach
- A call to action from Tanuki 


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Every Tuesday
    - Overall open house, great time to learn tools!
    - Opensauce build group 
        - Great strides in ARM, plenty of work for arm-legth surroundings. 
        - Member projects for display wanted! 


# Treasurer Update


# Motions and Voting
- Bylaws modification: [diff](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/pull/12/commits/9635fc6425810639a212175c11e80f8f51fb8f50)
  - Members have 14 days to motion for rejection per [bylaws](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/blob/9635fc6425810639a212175c11e80f8f51fb8f50/BYLAWS.md#6-amendment)
- Creation of Flush Fund. 
- Purschase of a SawStop to increase member safety. 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, May 27th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
