# General Body Meeting Agenda for March 25th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- Laser cutter update! 
  - The board voted for $150 to be spent on coolant for the laser.
  - We're looking to replace the tube sooner then later.
- Pawprint is turning Four-ish! 
  - Founding date is April 1st 2022 (well, really 2020)
    - This is coming up this Tuesday, wink wink. 
    - We're planning on doing a big cake party here, Friday the 5th. 


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Tuesday Open House still exists
    - Coexists alongside OpenSauce tuesday build group.
    - Perfect time to get tool sign-offs: laser cutter, 3d printing
- Freedom of Information Act Party, with Kataze!
  - Late April 
- Upcoming: KiCAD, GrapheneOS
- "Pawprint goes to OpenSauce" CFP
  - A chance to show off your projects to your favourite maker Youtubers (and thousands of other people) at the pawprint exhibitor table
  - We're also working on a big robot thing every Tuesday evening
  - Designing PCB/electronics kits/swag to sell to support the space

# Treasurer Update

# Motions and Voting
- [Proposal to ammend Motions and Voting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qGkVSPXA9-Ln75bmhoFJyN8q-Jd8g2vGbpcF2sBfovs/edit?tab=t.0)
- [Proposal for the creation of a consumables Slush Fund](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SiIWxpEB7vGHUQvHnhcXa1HVLoIksbwWfl4KTl4tCzg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.chlsch58zpl7)
- [Proposal to purchase a SawStop CTS to improve safety in the woodworking area](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cn1u9b5DkfXQPh_DXeVyufXsxD1M3NwpyE3ma9rEd_4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7310ei3vhv15)

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, April 22nd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
