# General Body Meeting Agenda for July 22nd, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Mojake 

**Online:**


**Guests:**

# Board elections
- The elections are coming up. 
    - Elections will take place during our August 26th meeting. 
    - Any member with six (6) months of prior consecutive membership is eligible for nomination.
    - Current nominations
      - President
        - Kataze
      - Treasurer
        - Kay
      - Secretary
        - Mojake
      - CTO
        - Rechner
      - Member at large
        - Geo
- Please vote! It means a lot and you matter to us. 

# Opensauce! 
- Opensauce 2025 is OVER! 
    - How'd it go? 
    - Thank you to everyone who helped move, setup/teardown, station, and contributed to our booth.
    - Please share any media in the chat. 

# General News
- California non-profit update
    - We are actively working with a non-profit lawyer to write up a response letter to the state of california defending our status. We are expected to respond in time. 
- We have a new table saw installed. 
  - Sawstop safety table saw. 
    - Triggers a blade destroying explosion on conductive touch. (Aka meaty bit)
      - Members who trigger this feature will be on the hook for replacement blades/charges
    - DO NOT USE LASERCUT WOOD OR MOIST WOOD! (Contains carbon, will trigger the safety mech)
    - We still need to get moisture meter and metal detector, but the saw is operational. 
    - Thanks Quopas! 


# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- GraphneOS Shindig
  - Monday, July 28th. 1900.
    - Come learn to secure your pixel phone from [redacted]
- Embroidery class with Mojake! 
  - Saturday, August 30th, 1200. 
    - Ideally in person, will be broadcasted over meeting. 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent 
    - Received
    - Money in the bank

# Motions and Voting

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, August 26th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
