# General Body Meeting Agenda for May 27th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:**


**Guests:**


# General News
- Laser cutter now set to manual focus due to auto-calibration failure. 
  - Poster located on wall by machine outlining how to focus
  - Please ask around if not confident, someone probably knows. 
    - Reminder: Things break even when properly opperated, please report all machine failures to the board so  
      that we may properly investigate. 

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups


# Treasurer Update


# Motions and Voting
- $500 for CNC router controller and toolchest (proposed by Bocuma)
  - Controller: $165
  - Tool chest: $217
  - Mini PC: $40
  - Remainder will cover shipping and tax. Any money left over after that will go toward consumables.

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, June 24th. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
