# General Body Meeting Agenda for June 24th, 2025
# Roll Call
**In Person:**


**Online:**


**Guests:**


# Transparency Report
- Release of exterior video footage to our neighbors at Earth Electric
    - One of their trucks was vandalized sometime between the night of Friday June 6th and the morning of Tuesday June 9th
    - They reached out to us asking if we have any video footage of the incident
    - The Board unamiously agreed to give them any relevent footage we have

# General News
- ICANN Update!
- Maslow CNC has left the building.
  - Still exists, can maybe come back some day.
  - Is for sale (including nice 80/20 frame) - talk to Mojake. 
- Elegoo Saturn SLA printer borked for good. Replacement in process. 
- Soap dispenser update. 
  - The last bag of soap wasn't quite right, but it has been hacked into submission and is ready to serve. 

# Meetings, events and Interest Groups
- Opensauce is coming up!
    - Weekend of July 18th-20th
    - Still looking for projects from members to display 
- Tuesday open houses are still happening
- Wednesday Hardware hackings are still happening. 

# Treasurer Update
- In this last month we have
    - Spent 
    - Recieved
    - Money in the bank

# Motions and Voting
- Followup on Bocuma's CNC controller purchase. 
- Followup on Sawstop
  - There's been some difficutly sourcing the saw, we're still committed and the purchase is in motion. 

# Reminders
- A note on tools in the space, cleanliness, and consumables.
  - Please clean and store all tools used at the space.
  - Please report all broken tools.
  - Please provide consumables and report any runouts. 
- Donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
  - Entirely new ways to give us money ([links on our website](https://pawprintprototyping.org/pages/donate/))
    - Donation widget accepts credit/debit cards, Paypal, Apple pay, or bank transfer.  Text TLA to 44-321 for a link to our donation portal on your phone.
    - Donate stocks, cryptocurrency or other intangible assets:
    - Stocks or other asset donations benefits from up to 20% more value due to capital gains tax savings. You can [donate these assets using Endaoment](https://app.endaoment.org/orgs/84-4428024).
  - Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Pupporri 


# Next meeting date
- Next General Meeting Tuesday, July 22nd. 7:00pm

# How to join! 
- We depend on your support! $100 a month; talk to the people in blue labcoats to inquire. 
