# Board Meeting Agenda February 23, 2026

## Attendees

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- How are we doing burnout wise?
  - Everyone is doing relatively ok now that FC has concluded.
  - The CFO role has some rough edges that we could work on.
    - Start date for new CFOs is right when filing needs to happen. We should probably move elections earlier in the year. June?
    - Inventory management could easily be Member at Large or Secretary responsibilities.
    - Better defining everyone's roles could help.
- Rechner's proposal for additional member levels has not yet been implemented. Do we want to move forward with this?
  - We do intend to move forward with this.
  - Implementing the Associate Membership may require updating the bylaws.
  - Board members to review the proposal over the next day.
  - Rechner to see about implementation.

#### Space switch report
- 99%!

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Still waiting to hear back.
  - DotMeow reached their funding goal, around $140k USD?
- Membership roster rearrangement?
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - We have yet to act on the findings.
- A bunch of tricky updates have been applied to our infrastructure.
  - FreeIPA has been descrungled and is now on a fully supported OS.
  - The Docker host is now on a fully supported OS.
  - Moodle's pile of PHP has been updated.
- Moodle's centralized course repo will be shutting down soon (April). If there are any classes we want from there, we should get them now.
- New hardware to replace the Frigate CCTV box has been ordered.
  - Looking to add a camera to the laser cutter area for liability reasons.

#### Finances
- Our federal taxes have been filed via a Form 990-N e-Postcard.
- Our gross receipts may be above the e-Postcard limit next year.
- Falxie recommends continuing to consult a CPA regarding our taxes. Particularly due to our weird 3500a stuff.

### California Drama
- New lawyer is great! They even appear to be a real person this time!
- We have submitted a new form 3500a for 23701d status moving forward.
  - Sent via certified mail, delivered on February 20th.
  - Prior experience has shown us that it will take the FTB a long time to open the mail, and potentially even longer to act on it.

### Events
- OpenSauce build nights have begun.

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, March 23rd.

## Sidebars


