# Board Meeting Agenda May 27th, 2026

## Attendees
Rechner, Falxie, Kataze, Geo, Kay

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- How are we doing burnout wise?
  - Last month, we changed inventory management to a Secretary duty and voted to move elections to June.
  - Largely ok aside from some outside stuff.

#### New Member Level Pilot
- How is it going so far?
  - No complaints yet, but we should check in.

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Still waiting to hear back.
  - ICANN asked for bank statements. We sent them bank statements.
- Membership roster rearrangement still needs to happen. Task for Geo.
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - We have yet to act on the findings.

#### Finances
- Have there been any developments since last month?
  - We filed our 199N postcard. Will likely need to file a full 199 next year.

### California Drama
- Still waiting to hear back from the FTB regarding our new form 3500a. We expect this will take a very long while.

### Events
- OpenSauce build nights are underway.

### Motions and Voting
- Both of Nohi's proposals (storage unit and OpenSauce funds) have passed. Will be announced during tomorrow's general body meeting.

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, May 25th (Memorial Day).

## Sidebars
- The space next-door may be opening up in the new future.
  - We're looking in to viability.
  - Expecting a yearly lease like our existing one.
  - Kataze to reach out and confirm potential availability.

  

