# Board Meeting Agenda March 23, 2026

## Attendees
Kataze, Kay, Rechner, Falxie, Geo

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- How are we doing burnout wise?
  - Feeling a bit better lately. Relatively ok.
  - Last month, we discussed a few potential improvements. Should we formalize these?
    - Start date for new CFOs is right when filing needs to happen. We should probably move elections earlier in the year. June?
      - Intend to formalize this. Elections must happen at least once every year. We should be good to move to the June meeting.
      - Rechner seconds proposal, all in favor.
    - Inventory management could easily be Member at Large or Secretary responsibilities.
      - Moving responsibility to the Secretary.
    - Better defining everyone's roles could help.
      - Will leave this as an option to bring up as need arises.
- Rechner's proposal for additional member levels is beginning a pilot.
  - How is it going so far?
  - 2 members in the pilot so far.
  - No signup emails, which complicates tracking a bit. May be an app issue?
  - A Google form has been set up for folks to record their work with.

#### Space switch report
- Open 83%
- Probably don't need to keep such a close eye on this moving forward.

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Still waiting to hear back.
- Membership roster rearrangement still needs to happen. Task for Geo.
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - We have yet to act on the findings.
- Moodle's centralized course repo will be shutting down soon (April). If there are any classes we want from there, we should get them now.

#### Finances
- Have there been any developments since last month?
- Continuing to file 199s until the FTB status is sorted out seems to be appropriate.
  - Haven't received confirmation from the CPA yet. Working to establish a business relationship with them but they're not great about responding.

### California Drama
- Still waiting to hear back from the FTB regarding our new form 3500a. We expect this will take a very long while.
  - Received a postcard informing us that the application had been received.

### Events
- OpenSauce build nights are underway.

### Motions and Voting
- Kataze proposes moving elections to June. Rechner seconds. All board members are in favor.

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, April 27th.

## Sidebars
- We used to post and pin that a general meeting was happening the day beforehand. Should we resume?
  - Probs.


