# Board Meeting Agenda May 26th, 2026
(Rescheduled from the 25th)

## Attendees

### Space Management

#### Board Elections
- The board election process will begin today, per [2026-03-24 minutes](https://github.com/PawprintPrototyping/admin/blob/64d5c6ae78cff09dba36a1d03f1873711c309b66/general/minutes/2026/minutes_2026-03-24.md?plain=1#L52).
- 

#### Expansion
- The space next-door may be opening up in the new future.
  - We're looking in to viability.
  - We're told it's contentious, but talking to Europaddock we are not so sure.
  - Expecting a yearly lease like our existing one.
  - Kataze reached out to Capital to confirm availability, no updates yet.

#### Board Member Burnout
- How are we doing burnout wise?
  - Last month, we changed inventory management to a Secretary duty and voted to move elections to June.
  - Kay's taking a break, otherwise we're all coming back

#### New Member Level Pilot
- How is it going so far?
- Tanuki and Scout continue to be active using this program
- More volunteer work would be a plus

#### Tech
- ICANN conditionally approved our ASP application!
  - Next steps: crowdfund remaining ~$65k
    - Targeting ~$70-$90k for all fees, etc.
  - Soft launch to the membership today.
    - Want to engage and include others to drive this action.
  - Confirmed and submitted $2500 deposit
  - gTLD Next Round application deadline is **August 12, 2026**.
- Matrix server is ready for members to use
  - Bridged with most Telegram topics/groups. Creating new topics requires a config file update.
  - SSO via MemberMatters is required.
  - Only one person has joined so far.
- Membership roster rearrangement still needs to happen. Task for Geo.
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - We have yet to act on the findings.

#### Finances
- Will be covered during GBM.
- We have our 3 months of rent and insurance runway at least
  - Kataze to send Falxie format for doing this balance sheet format

### California Drama
- Still waiting to hear back from the FTB regarding our new form 3500a. We expect this will take a very long while.
- Probably can drop this from the next agenda.

### Events
- OpenSauce build nights are underway.
- We got accepted!
    - We're going to do the paperwork

## Resolving conflict

### Motions and Voting
- Secretary to make the ballot for board member election cycle
  - Include description of duties etc.

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, June 22nd.

## Sidebars
  
- gTLD looking into Registrars:
  - Godaddy, Tucows, Porkbun?

