# Board Meeting Agenda January 26, 2026

## Attendees
Kataze, Falxie, Rechner, Geo, Kay, Kay's cat

### Space Management

#### Board Member Burnout
- Currently, board members handle the majority of events and space upkeep in addition to their board responsibilities.
- This is unsustainable. We are tired. We need help.
- The need for help has been discussed among the board, and with individuals, but broad messaging has not occurred.
- Rechner has submitted a proposal for additional membership levels for those who can commit to volunteering more for the space.

#### Space switch report
- These metrics have been great lately, 47 - 50h of open time to the public per week by members.

#### Tech
- We have submitted to the ICANN gTLD Applicant Support Program. Still waiting to hear back.
- We have a new wiki system that is hopefully more approachable for people who are not Very Computer. Some people are making edits.
- Membership roster rearrangement?
- Service access and ownership audit
  - [We've started an inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VI9VGZ4H4MJsf9aWQVYESdFtbloteK3fM0o7-mmOH4/edit?usp=sharing)
- New events platform at https://events.pawprintprototyping.org - Rechner would like to phase out use of the Google calendar for events in favor of this.

#### Finances
- A review of our finances in 2025.
  - More information to come during the general body meeting tomorrow.
  - Generally looks good. In the black.
- Considering allowing spending again. Proposal veto power may be used if necessary.
- Talking with a CPA about our 5-year filing.

### Events
- FC went great.
- Running a charity table led to lots of great interactions.
- In the future, more firm expectations may be beneficial for anyone getting a comped badge by volunteering at the table.

### California Drama
- 3500A filing?
- Legal consultation status?
  - Falxie to reach out.
- We received a tax assessment from the FTB for the years 2022, 2023, and 2024.
  - The total was $3,400.29.
  - The assessment has been paid.

### Motions and Voting

## Next Meeting Date
- Monday, 19:00, February 23rd.

## Sidebars


